10 best price action trading patterns
10种最佳价格行为交易模式
August 18, 2020 By Al Brooks
八月 18, 2020 作者：阿尔·布鲁克斯
Table of contents  目录
 [hide]  [ 隐藏]
10 best price action trading patterns
10种最佳价格行为交易模式
Major trend reversals  主要趋势逆转
Final flags  最终标志
Breakouts  突破
High 2 bull flags and Low 2 bear flags
高 2 个牛旗和低 2 个熊旗
Wedges: three pushes up or down
楔子：向上或向下推三下
Channels  渠道
Measured moves  测量的动作
Trading range reversals  交易区间反转
Opening reversals  开盘逆转
Magnets (support and resistance)
磁铁（支撑和阻力）
References  参考
10 best price action trading patterns
10种最佳价格行为交易模式
These 10 Best Price Action Trading Patterns are
my favorites, and successful traders use these
patterns every day to make money. Be flexible
because each has many variations. If you keep your
mind open to all possibilities, you will begin to see
them every day, in every market, and on every time
frame.
这 10 种最佳价格行为交易模式是我的最爱，成功的交易者每天都使用这些模式来赚钱。保持灵
活性，因为每种方法都有很多变化。如果您对所有可能性持开放态度，您将开始在每天、每个市
场、每个时间框架内看到它们。
So which is the best price action trading pattern for swing trading or for scalping?
Which is the best for Forex markets? What about for day traders or commodity
trading? It does not matter because any pattern can be the best, depending on the
Brooks Trading Course 布鲁克斯交易课程
Sign Up Now · Only $399
立即注册 · 只需 399 美元
 
Your edge for trading consistently well
您持续良好交易的优势
Want to Keep in Touch?
想保持联系吗？
Add Me to Al’s BTC Mailing List Weekly
market report & occasional BTC news
updates. Your email never sold or shared.
No spam, ever.
将我添加到 Al 的 BTC 邮件列表 每周市场报告
和不定期的 BTC 新闻更新。您的电子邮件从未
被出售或共享。永远没有垃圾邮件。
Latest Blog Posts 最新博客文章
Emini Pullback to Moving Average Likely
Emini 可能回调至移动平均线
Emini Consecutive Buy Climaxes on Daily
Chart
Emini日线图上连续出现买入高潮
Emini Weak High 1 Buy Signal Bar
Emini 弱高 1 买入信号线
Bitcoin potential short-term break down
shift from $70000
比特币潜在短期突破7万美元
EURUSD Bears Need Follow-through
欧元兑美元空头需要跟进
Weekly Crude Oil Pullback
每周原油回调
Latest Blog Post Comments
最新博客文章评论
PB on Emini Pullback to Moving Average
Likely
Emini 的PB 可能会回调至移动平均线
PB on Emini Pullback to Moving Average
Likely
Emini 的PB 可能会回调至移动平均线
Search this website...
Search
English»
About the Course»
Blog
Learn to Trade»
Forum
Online Course»
Log In
赞

chart in front of you.
那么对于波段交易或剥头皮交易来说，哪种价格行为交易模式是最佳的呢？哪个最适合外汇市
场？对于日间交易者或大宗商品交易来说又如何呢？这并不重要，因为任何模式都可能是最好
的，具体取决于您面前的图表。
Also, several might be present at the same time. For example, there can be a failed
breakout above a bull channel at a measured move projection, and the breakout
might have been out of a triangle. Some traders would call it a final flag reversal,
others might see a major trend reversal, and some would concentrate on the failed
channel breakout.
此外，可能有几个人同时在场。例如，在测量的移动预测中，牛市通道上方的突破可能失败，并
且突破可能已经脱离了三角形。一些交易者将其称为最终旗形反转，其他交易者可能会看到重大
趋势反转，还有一些交易者会专注于失败的通道突破。
The key is to understand what forces are behind the price action patterns and be
ready to trade them as you see them unfold.
关键是要了解价格行为模式背后的力量是什么，并准备好在看到它们展开时进行交易。
Major trend reversals 主要趋势逆转
A bull trend is a series of higher lows and highs, and a bear trend is a series of
lower highs and lows. Trading a major trend reversal pattern is an attempt to enter
at the start of a new trend, hoping that a series of trending highs and lows will
follow.
牛市趋势是一系列较高的低点和高点，熊市趋势是一系列较低的高点和低点。交易主要趋势反转
模式是在新趋势开始时尝试进入，希望随后出现一系列趋势高点和低点。
Since traders are entering before the new trend is clear, the probability of even the
best looking setup is usually only 40%. These traders are looking for low risk (a
tight stop), but that almost always comes with low probability. The math is good for
both these early entry traders and for those who wait for the strong breakout into a
clear trend. The components of a major trend reversal include a
由于交易者在新趋势明确之前入场，即使是最好看的设置的概率通常也只有 40%。这些交易者
正在寻找低风险（严格止损），但这几乎总是伴随着低概率。对于这些早期入场的交易者和那些
等待强劲突破进入明确趋势的交易者来说，数学是有好处的。主要趋势反转的组成部分包括
Trend 趋势
Pullback that breaks out of channel
突破通道的回调
Resumption of the trend
趋势恢复
2nd pullback that grows into opposite trend
第二次回调形成相反趋势
First breakout above a tight bear channel is typically minor. The 2nd reversal has a 40% chance of
being major, like here. Buy above a bull bar closing near its high (green rectangle).
RE: That's how I saw it. Just got at it. Not sure
if getting it right?
回复：我就是这么看的。刚刚开始。不确定是否正确？
Thu Jun 20, 2024
2024 年 6 月 20 日星期四
By mike , 14 hours ago
作者：迈克 14 小时前
RE: 14B Trends - Entry points
RE: 14B 趋势 - 切入点
Hi Geraldine, From my understanding, the 80%
failure ...
嗨杰拉尔丁，根据我的理解，80% 的失败......
By Mr. Carpet , 1 day ago
作者：地毯先生 , 1 天前
RE: 30B Deep PBs
RE: 30B 深 PB
Hi Noah, I think the key is to look for breaks above
...
嗨，诺亚，我认为关键是寻找上面的突破点......
By Mr. Carpet , 1 day ago
作者：地毯先生 , 1 天前
RE: 14B Trends - Entry points
RE: 14B 趋势 - 切入点
Fabulous. Thank you so much.
极好。太感谢了。
By Geraldine , 1 day ago
作者：杰拉尔丁 , 1 天前
30B Deep PBs
30B 深 PB
Hey there When we have a deep PB like this, Al
said i...
嘿，当我们有这样的深度 PB 时，阿尔说我...
By Noah Muluberhan-Berhe , 1 day ago
作者：Noah Muluberhan-Berhe ， 1 天前
RE: Walmart trading
回复：沃尔玛交易
OK, it seems nobody uses the Walmart
management scheme ...
好吧，看来没有人使用沃尔玛的管理方案......
Gabriel on Emini Consecutive Buy
Climaxes on Daily Chart
Gabriel 谈 Emini 日线图上的连续买入高潮
Abir Chatterjee on Emini Weak High 1 Buy
Signal Bar
Abir Chatterjee 谈 Emini 弱高 1 买入信号条
CHETAN on Emini Weak High 1 Buy Signal
Bar
CHETAN 上 Emini 弱高 1 买入信号栏
Casper on Emini Weak High 1 Buy Signal
Bar
Casper 谈 Emini 弱高 1 买入信号栏
Latest Support Forum Posts
最新支持论坛帖子

首次突破紧缩的熊市通道通常是较小的。第二次逆转有 40% 的机会成为主要逆转，就像这里一
样。在牛市线收盘价接近其高点（绿色矩形）上方买入。
A reversal down from a breakout above a bull flag (here, a triangle) is often a higher high major trend
reversal. Sell below a bear bar closing near its low. A lower high major trend reversal frequently
follows a higher high reversal. There were many opportunities to sell (red rectangle) below a bear bar
in the bear trend. Traders do not take every sell signal.
从突破牛旗（此处为三角形）上方的反转向下通常是更高的高位主要趋势反转。在收盘价接近
低点的熊线下方卖出。较低的高点主要趋势反转经常发生在较高的高点反转之后。在熊市趋势
中，有很多在熊线下方卖出的机会（红色矩形）。交易者不会接受每一个卖出信号。
However, they need to understand that the bears have taken control,
然而，他们需要明白，熊已经控制了局势，
and they should try to take at least one sell signal.
他们应该尝试接受至少一个卖出信号。
There was a very strong reversal up in the middle of the chart, but the bears got one more new low.
Sometimes a new low can simply be a deep pullback from a strong rally, like here. Every Expanding
Triangle Bottom is also a lower low major trend reversal. There were many opportunities to buy above
a bull bar closing near its high.
图表中部出现了非常强劲的反转，但空头又创下了新低。有时，新低可能只是强劲反弹的深度
回调，就像这里一样。每个扩展三角形底部也是一个较低的低点主要趋势反转。在收盘价接近
高点的牛市线上方有很多买入机会。
Final flags 最终标志
The components of a final flag are
最终标志的组成部分是
Trend 趋势
Pullback that is usually mostly horizontal. It can be as brief as a single bar
回调通常主要是水平的。它可以像单个小节一样简短
By PB , 2 days ago
由 PB 提供，2 天前
Brooks Trading Room 布鲁克斯交易室
Blog Post Categories 博客文章类别
Announcements (18)  公告 (18)
Ask Al Q&A Transcripts (113)
Ask Al 问答记录 (113)
Bitcoin (86)   比特币 (86)
Coaching (3)   辅导 (3)
Commodities Market (1)
商品市场 (1)
Crude Oil (87)
原油 (87)
Cryptocurrency (25)  加密货币 (25)
DAX 40 (113)
德国DAX 40 (113)
Emini & Forex Daily Reports (2,395)
Emini 和外汇每日报告 (2,395)
Forex (126)  外汇 (126)
FTSE 100 (114)
富时 100 指数 (114)
Futures Market (17)
期货市场 (17)
Guest Traders (9)
客商 (9)
How To Trade Manual (25)
如何交易手册 (25)
Live Trades (2)
实时交易 (2)
Market Analysis (1,836)
市场分析 (1,836)
NASDAQ 100 (107)
纳斯达克 100 (107)
News (1)   新闻 (1)

Trend is typically close to a magnet (resistance in a bull, support in a bear)
趋势通常接近磁铁（牛市为阻力，熊市为支撑）
There are likely other signs of a possible reversal (in a bull, examples include
building selling pressure near the top of a channel)
可能还有其他可能逆转的迹象（在牛市中，例子包括在通道顶部附近形成抛售压力）
A final flag is a trend reversal pattern that begins as a continuation pattern. Traders
expect the continuation to fail and are ready to take a trade in the opposite
direction.
最终旗形是一种以持续形态开始的趋势反转形态。交易者预计这种持续走势将失败，并准备进行
相反方向的交易。
Like all trend reversals, the probability of a swing is usually only about 40%. My
general goal is 10 bars 2 legs, which means a swing that has at least Ten Bars and
Two Legs (TBTL). A swing also means a reward that is at least twice as large as the
risk (my minimum criterion for a successful swing).
与所有趋势反转一样，波动的概率通常只有 40% 左右。我的总体目标是 10 杆 2 腿，这意味着
秋千至少有 10 杆和两条腿 (TBTL)。波动还意味着回报至少是风险的两倍（我成功波动的最低
标准）。
Sixty percent of the trades result in small wins and losses that usually balance each
other out. Traders who want a higher probability usually will wait for the reversal to
have a strong breakout in the new direction. At that point, the probability of a
swing trade is often 60% or more, but the stop is far away.
百分之六十的交易会产生小额盈利和亏损，而这些盈利和亏损通常会相互平衡。想要更高概率的
交易者通常会等待反转在新方向上出现强力突破。此时，波段交易的概率通常为 60% 或更高，
但止损点距离很远。
That increase in risk is the trade-off. There always has to be something in the trade
for the institution taking the other side of your trade. If you get great probability,
you pay for it with bad risk/reward (reduced reward relative to risk).
风险的增加就是一种权衡。交易中总会有一些东西可以让机构站在你的交易的另一边。如果你获
得很大的概率，你就会付出糟糕的风险/回报（相对于风险而言回报减少）的代价。
A tight trading range late in a bear trend is often the Final Bear Flag.
熊市后期的窄幅交易区间通常是最终熊市旗形。
Traders will look for the breakout below to reverse up.
交易者将寻找下方的突破来反转向上。
Nifty 50 (108)
漂亮 50 (108)
Podcast (7)   播客 (7)
Price Action (6)
价格行为 (6)
Review (2)  评论 (2)
SP500 Emini (120)
SP500 艾米妮 (120)
Special Report (5)
特别报道 (5)
Stock Market (4)
股票市场 (4)
Trading Platforms (2)
交易平台 (2)
Trading Strategies (10)
交易策略 (10)
Video (91)   视频 (91)
Webinars & Lectures (30)
网络研讨会和讲座 (30)
Workshop (2)   工作坊 (2)
Al Brooks Social Media
艾尔·布鲁克斯社交媒体

A triangle is a tight trading range. When it forms late in a bull trend,
三角形是一个狭窄的交易区间。当它在牛市趋势后期形成时，
it usually is the Final Bull Flag.
它通常是最终牛旗。
Breakouts 突破
Breakout of what? Of any support or resistance. It does not matter. Every trend bar
is a breakout of something, if only the high or low of the prior bar. With experience,
traders begin to see what is truly being broken out.
突破什么？任何支撑或阻力。不要紧。每个趋势柱都是某物的突破，即使只是前一个柱的高点或
低点。凭借经验，交易者开始看到真正的突破。
The most common things are trading ranges, pullbacks, prior highs and lows, trend
lines, channels, and moving averages. Sometimes traders need to switch to a
higher time frame to see the breakout.
最常见的是交易范围、回调、先前的高点和低点、趋势线、通道和移动平均线。有时交易者需要
切换到更高的时间框架才能看到突破。
Among the 10 best price action trading patterns, breakouts are my favorite because
I like high probability trades.
在 10 种最佳价格行为交易模式中，突破是我最喜欢的，因为我喜欢高概率交易。
A breakout is simply a trend bar up or down. A breakout always closes beyond at least minor support or
resistance. The bigger the bar and the more important the support or resistance, the more likely the
trend will continue at least a little longer.
突破只是趋势线的上升或下降。突破总是至少在小支撑位或阻力位上方结束。条形越大，支撑
或阻力越重要，趋势就越有可能持续至少一段时间。

High 2 bull flags and Low 2 bear flags
高 2 个牛旗和低 2 个熊旗
Many traders find bar counting confusing because they want it to be perfect and
clear. What they don’t understand is that the purpose of the market is to create
confusion. It wants to spend as much time as possible at prices where both the
bulls and bears feel that the price is fair. This facilitates trading, which is the reason
why the market was created.
许多交易者发现柱形计数令人困惑，因为他们希望它完美且清晰。他们不明白的是，市场的目的
就是制造混乱。它希望在多头和空头都认为价格公平的价格上花费尽可能多的时间。这促进了交
易，这就是创建市场的原因。
The basic idea of these flags is that the market often makes a couple attempts to
reverse a trend, which creates two legs. If those two reversals attempts fail, the
market usually tries to go in the other direction. Since the other direction is a trend
and it is now resuming, the countertrend traders know they are in trouble and will
be quick to exit once that second attempt fails.
这些旗形的基本思想是，市场经常会多次尝试扭转趋势，从而形成两条腿。如果这两次反转尝试
失败，市场通常会尝试朝另一个方向发展。由于另一个方向是趋势并且现在正在恢复，因此反趋
势交易者知道他们遇到了麻烦，一旦第二次尝试失败，他们就会迅速退出。
They will also not be eager to try again. The result is a high probability continuation
pattern trade that usually moves quickly. Traders often scalp these setups, but
when the trend is still strong, they can swing part or all of their position.
他们也不会急于再次尝试。结果是高概率的持续模式交易，通常变化很快。交易者经常在这些设
置中进行剥头皮交易，但当趋势仍然强劲时，他们可以调整部分或全部头寸。
The patterns are often nested, with a smaller version forming in each of the two
bigger legs. It does not matter whether a trader enters on the smaller version or
the larger, as long as they use the correct swing stop.
这些图案通常是嵌套的，两个较大的腿中各形成一个较小的版本。交易者进入较小版本还是较大
版本并不重要，只要他们使用正确的摆动止损即可。
In a bear trend or a bear leg in a trading range, a one legged pullback (small rally) is a Low 1 sell
setup. If it triggers, but there is then one more leg in the pullback, it creates a
在熊市趋势或交易区间的熊腿中，单腿回调（小幅反弹）是低 1 卖出设置。如果它触发了，但
回调中还有一条腿，它会产生一个
Low 2 bear flag. A Low 3 is either a triangle or a wedge (a triangle that is diagonal).
低2熊旗。 Low 3 要么是三角形，要么是楔形（对角三角形）。
A double top is a Low 2 bear flag. Sometime the legs have many bars
双顶是低 2 熊旗形。有时腿上有很多横条
and subdivide into smaller patterns.
并细分为更小的图案。

In a bull trend or a bull leg in a trading range pullback, the 1st time the high of a bar is at
在牛市趋势或交易区间回调的牛腿中，柱线第一次最高点位于
or above the high of the prior bar, the pullback is a High 1 bull flag. If it triggers,
或高于前一根柱线的高点，回调是高点 1 牛市旗形。如果触发的话
but there is then one more leg down, that creates a High 2 bull flag.
但随后还有一轮下跌，形成了高 2 牛市旗形。
A triangle is a sideways High 3 bull flag, and a wedge bull flag is a triangle
三角形是横向高 3 牛旗，楔形牛旗是三角形
that is sloped down. Every small double bottom is a High 2 bull flag.
那是向下倾斜的。每个小双底都是一个高 2 牛旗。
Wedges: three pushes up or down
楔子：向上或向下推三下
The traditional definition of a wedge is a converging triangle that slopes up or
down, and traders expect the breakout to be in the opposite direction of the slope.
They look for an upside breakout of a wedge that is sloped down, and for a
downside breakout of a wedge that is sloped up.
楔形的传统定义是向上或向下倾斜的聚合三角形，交易者预计突破方向与倾斜方向相反。他们寻
找向下倾斜的楔形的上行突破，以及向上倾斜的楔形的下行突破。
Wedges are continuation patterns when they are pullbacks within trends, and they
are reversal patterns when they are large and the context is right. When they are
flags, they are small reversal patterns. For example, when there is a wedge
pullback in a bull trend, the wedge is a small bear leg. Traders expect that bear leg
to fail and to reverse up.
当楔形是趋势中的回调时，它们是延续模式；当楔形很大并且背景合适时，它们是反转模式。当
它们是旗形时，它们是小反转形态。例如，当牛市趋势中出现楔形回调时，该楔形就是小熊腿。
交易员预计熊市将会失败并反转向上。
In the broadest sense, a wedge is any pattern with three (sometimes four or five)
pushes that is sloped up or down. It does not have to be convergent and the third
push does not have to exceed the second.
从最广泛的意义上讲，楔形是任何具有三个（有时是四个或五个）向上或向下倾斜推力的形态。
它不必收敛，并且第三次推动不必超过第二次。
As soon as there are two pushes, traders can draw a line connecting them and then
they can extend the line to the right (a trend channel line). They will then watch for
a reversal if the market approaches the line for a third time.
一旦出现两次推动，交易者就可以画一条连接它们的线，然后将线向右延伸（趋势通道线）。如
果市场第三次接近该线，他们将观察反转。
The closer any pattern is to ideal, the more reliable it is because more computers
will treat it as significant. However, traders should never lose sight of the
underlying forces and should learn to become comfortable with every conceivable

variation of every pattern. This will give them far more trading opportunities.
任何模式越接近理想，它就越可靠，因为更多的计算机会将其视为重要的。然而，交易者永远不
应该忽视潜在的力量，并且应该学会适应每种模式的每一种可能的变化。这将为他们提供更多的
交易机会。
A wedge top is a bull channel that is converging. Most wedge tops have 3 legs up, but some have a 4th
and rarely a 5th. Traders sell below a bear bar closing near its low and expect at least 2 legs down. The
legs often subdivide into smaller legs. Any bull channel should be viewed as a bear flag since there is a
75% chance of a break below the bull trend line.
楔形顶部是正在收敛的牛市通道。大多数楔形顶部有 3 个腿，但有些有第 4 个腿，很少有第 5
个腿。交易者在收盘价接近低点的空头线下方卖出，预计至少会下跌 2 腿。腿通常分为更小的
腿。任何牛市通道都应被视为熊市旗形，因为有 75% 的机会跌破牛市趋势线。
Wedges are rarely perfect, and most do not look like a textbook wedge. If a bear channel has 3 legs
down, even if the channel does not have a wedge shape, view it as a wedge. The same forces are at
work. The market is trying to go down repeatedly, but keeps reversing up.
挖起杆很少是完美的，而且大多数看起来都不像教科书上的挖起杆。如果熊市通道有 3 条腿向
下，即使该通道不是楔形，也将其视为楔形。同样的力量在发挥作用。市场反复尝试下跌，但
又不断反转上涨。
At some point, traders decide it needs to try the other direction (up).
在某些时候，交易者决定需要尝试另一个方向（向上）。

If there are 3 surges in a tight bull channel, the channel is a parabolic wedge. This is a buy climax and
it can lead to a trading range, or even a bear trend reversal, like here.
如果在紧缩的牛市通道中出现 3 次上涨，则该通道是抛物线楔形。这是一个买入高潮，它可能
会导致交易区间，甚至熊市趋势逆转，就像这里一样。
Channels 渠道
The market is always in channels. Sometimes traders have to look at a higher time
frame chart to see them. Most are not what textbooks and websites describe as
channels.
市场永远存在于渠道之中。有时交易者必须查看更长的时间框架图表才能看到它们。大多数都不
是教科书和网站所描述的渠道。
However, traders know what channels really look like and they are very flexible
when they choose points to draw lines. Once they see two points, they draw a line
and watch to see if the market reverses if it get back to the line. They are
constantly erasing lines that the market is ignoring and are always drawing new
ones.
然而，交易者知道通道到底是什么样子，他们在选择画线点时非常灵活。一旦他们看到两个点，
他们就会画一条线，观察市场如果回到这条线，是否会逆转。他们不断地消除市场忽视的界限，
并且总是绘制新的界限。
Every market is always in a channel. Sometimes it is clearer on a smaller or higher time frame chart.
Traders look to enter on reversals since reversals
每个市场总是处于一个通道中。有时，在更小或更长的时间框架图表上会更清晰。由于反转，
交易者希望进入反转
are more common that breakouts.
比痘痘更常见。

A micro channel is a series of bars without a pullback. It is a strong trend, but once it reaches about 10
bars, it is unsustainable. It therefore is also a climax.
微通道是一系列没有回调的条。这是一个强劲的趋势，但一旦达到大约 10 根柱线，它就无法持
续。因此，这也是一个高潮。
A climax typically evolves into a trading range.
高潮通常会演变成交易区间。
The S&P cash index was in a wedge bull channel from the 1987 crash to late 1994.
从 1987 年崩盘到 1994 年底，标准普尔现金指数一直处于楔形牛市通道。
It is difficult to see because the rally that followed a breakout above the bull channel has been huge.
There is only a 25% chance of a successful breakout above a bull channel.
很难看到这一点，因为突破牛市通道后的反弹幅度很大。成功突破牛市通道的几率只有 25%。
Measured moves 测量的动作
The market often tries to do something twice. The result is that most tops are
variations of double tops, most bottoms are variations of double bottoms, and
trends often have at least a second leg with the size of the second leg related to
that of the first leg.
市场经常会尝试做两次事情。结果是，大多数顶部是双顶的变体，大多数底​部是双底的变体，趋
势通常至少有第二条腿，第二条腿的大小与第一条腿的大小相关。
Everyone is familiar with a Leg 1 = Leg 2 measured move. This i, where the market
has a second leg that is almost identical to the length of the first.
每个人都熟悉腿 1 = 腿 2 测量的动作。即市场有第二条腿，其长度几乎与第一条腿的长度相
同。
Also, traders look for a measured move after a breakout from a trading range. They
expect the move to be about the same size as the trading range is tall. The are
many other types of measured moves that the computers use to either take profits
or to enter reversal trades, and several are based on intraday gaps, or the height of

breakouts.
此外，交易者会在突破交易区间后寻找谨慎的走势。他们预计波动幅度与交易区间较高的幅度大
致相同。计算机用来获利或进入逆转交易的还有许多其他类型的衡量走势，其中一些是基于盘中
缺口或突破的高度。
When there is a pullback from a trend, the trend typically resumes. The 2nd leg is frequently very close
in size to the 1st leg. This is a Leg 1 = Leg 2 Measured Move. Traders look to sell a reversal down for a
test of the Measured Move target.
当趋势出现回调时，趋势通常会恢复。第二条腿的尺寸通常非常接近第一条腿。这是腿 1 = 腿 2
测量的移动。交易者希望卖出反转下跌来测试衡量移动目标。
When there is a breakout, the trend often continues for a measured move based on the height of the
earlier range. Traders buy the bull trend and any pullback. They especially like a pullback that tests the
breakout point, but then reverses back up.
当出现突破时，趋势通常会根据先前范围的高度而持续进行测量移动。交易者买入牛市趋势和
任何回调。他们特别喜欢回调来测试突破点，然后又反转回来。
Trading range reversals 交易区间反转
Even before a trading range is obvious, the market usually has signs of two-sided
trading that alert traders to a possible trading range day. When that is the case, the
market often races to the top with enough momentum to make traders erroneously
believe that they can buy a small pullback and reasonably expect a second leg up.
Similarly, they see a big bear trend bar at the bottom and then begin to sell
bounces because they do not understand what is actually happening.
即使在交易区间明显之前，市场通常也会出现双向交易的迹象，提醒交易者可能出现交易区间
日。在这种情况下，市场通常会以足够的动力冲向顶部，从而使交易者错误地认为他们可以买入
小幅回调并合理预期第二轮上涨。同样，他们在底部看到一个大的熊市趋势条，然后开始卖出反
弹，因为他们不明白实际发生了什么。
The market regularly gets vacuumed to the top, where bulls take profits instead of
buying more, and the bears appear out of nowhere. Both the bulls and bears expect

the test of resistance to lead to a failed breakout.
市场经常会被吸到顶部，多头会获利了结而不是买入更多，而空头会突然出现。多头和空头都预
计阻力测试将导致突破失败。
The opposite is true at the bottom. When the market gets near support, bear
scalpers sell even more, expecting the market to fall just a little more. Bulls stop
buying because they are confident that the market will reach the support and
probably poke through it. Why buy now when they can buy lower in a few minutes?
底部则相反。当市场接近支撑位时，空头黄牛会抛售更多，预计市场会进一步下跌。多头停止买
入，因为他们相信市场将达到支撑位并可能突破该支撑位。既然他们可以在几分钟内买入更低的
价格，为什么现在买入呢？
The result is that the market creates strong bear bars at the bottom as it is
vacuumed down to support. Instead of follow-through selling, buyers come. The
bears buy to take profits and the bulls buy to initiate longs.
结果是市场在底部形成强劲的空头柱，因为它被吸空到支撑位。买家不是跟进销售，而是前来。
空头买入是为了获利，多头买入是为了建立多头。
The legs up and down in a trading range are often strong. When they are, traders have a higher
probability of making money if they wait for a 2nd signal.
交易区间内的上涨和下跌趋势通常都很强劲。当出现这种情况时，如果交易者等待第二个信
号，他们赚钱的可能性就会更高。
When traders start out, they often do not realize that the market is forming a
trading range until the day is over. The bars often give early signs, as they did here.
There were many bars with prominent tails, lots of pullbacks, yesterday ended in a
tight trading range (markets have inertia and tend to continue what they have been
doing), and few areas of 2 or 3 consecutive big trend bars. This means that the
bulls and bears were disappointed by the follow-through.
当交易者开始交易时，他们往往直到当天结束时才意识到市场正在形成交易区间。这些条形通常
会发出早期信号，就像这里一样。有许多柱形有明显的尾部，大量回调，昨天收于窄幅交易区间
（市场有惯性，倾向于继续其一直在做的事情），并且很少有区域连续 2 或 3 个大趋势柱。这
意味着多头和空头对后续走势感到失望。
Beginners feel confused and disappointed by the repeated reversals, not realizing
that these feelings are the hallmarks of trading ranges. When experienced traders
detect those feelings, they look at them as opportunities. They bet that every
breakout will reverse and they look to buy low, sell high, and scalp.
初学者对反复的反转感到困惑和失望，没有意识到这些感觉是交易区间的标志。当经验丰富的交
易者察觉到这些感受时，他们会将其视为机会。他们押注每次突破都会逆转，他们希望低买高
卖，进行剥头皮交易。
Even when the market trended down at midday, they expected the breakout to the
new low of the day to fail. This is because that’s what usually happens on trading
range days. They bought the reversal up, betting that the rally would get back

above the breakout point (the low of the first hour) and back into the trading range.
即使市场在午盘呈下跌趋势，他们也预计突破当日新低的机会会失败。这是因为这通常发生在交
易区间日。他们买入反转，押注反弹将回到突破点（第一小时的低点）之上并回到交易区间。
Opening reversals 开盘逆转
The components of an opening reversal pattern are:
开盘反转形态的组成部分包括：
Usually fast move to a magnet (support or resistance)
通常快速移动到磁铁（支撑或阻力）
Reversal in 1st 60 – 90 minutes that leads to a swing for the next few hours or
the entire day
第一个 60 – 90 分钟的逆转导致接下来几个小时或一整天的波动
Most strong bull trend bars on the daily chart have at least a small tail on the
bottom, which is usually caused by an opening reversal (a selloff on the open that
reverses up, and it is therefore a reversal pattern). Similarly, most bear trend bars
on the daily chart usually have a tail on top caused by an opening reversal down.
日线图上大多数强牛趋势柱的底部至少有一个小尾部，这通常是由开盘反转引起的（开盘抛售反
转向上，因此是反转形态）。同样，日线图上的大多数熊市趋势条通常在顶部有一条尾部，这是
由开盘反转下跌造成的。
There was a huge selloff on the open. It was a sell vacuum test of yesterday’s low, which is always a
good candidate for support. The market rallied for the rest of the day.
公开市场出现大幅抛售。这是对昨天低点的卖出真空测试，该低点始终是支撑的良好候选者。
当天余下时间市场上涨。
After a gap up, the market pulled back to the 20 bar EMA. The reversal up was the 3rd rally attempt
and therefore this Opening Reversal was a wedge bull flag test of the EMA.

跳空上涨后，市场回调至 20 均线。此次反转是第三次反弹尝试，因此本次开盘反转是对 EMA
的楔形牛旗测试。
Whenever there is a gap down, traders will watch for a double top bear flag around the EMA. They will
sell the reversal down, hoping for an early high of the day and a bear trend.
每当出现向下缺口时，交易者就会留意 EMA 周围的双顶熊旗。他们会在反转时卖出，希望能看
到当天的早期高点和熊市趋势。
Magnets (support and resistance)
磁铁（支撑和阻力）
The final pattern in my 10 best price action trading patterns is more of a concept
than a setup. The market is always testing as it tries to establish a price range. It
usually cannot tell if it has gone far enough up or down until it goes too far.
我的 10 种最佳价格行为交易模式中的最终模式更多的是一个概念，而不是一个设置。市场总是
在尝试建立一个价格范围。它通常无法判断它是否已经上涨或下跌得足够远，直到它走得太远。
Support is any price below the market where buyers might come in, as either bulls
buy to create new longs or bears buy to take profits. Resistance is any price above
the market where bulls might take profits on longs and bears might short.
支撑位是低于市场的任何价格，买家可能会介入，因为多头买入以创造新的多头，或者空头买入
以获利了结。阻力位是高于市场的任何价格，多头可能会在多头上获利，空头可能会做空。
Common magnets include the tops and bottoms of trading ranges, prior highs and
lows, trend lines, channels, measured move projections, and moving averages.
Computers control the market, and all support and resistance is based on things
that computer programs can calculate. The result is that the market often
accelerates near the target once a substantial number of algorithms believe that
the target will be reached.
常见的磁铁包括交易范围的顶部和底部、先前的高点和低点、趋势线、通道、测量的移动预测和
移动平均线。计算机控制市场，所有支撑和阻力都是基于计算机程序可以计算的东西。结果是，
一旦大量算法认为目标将会达到，市场往往会在目标附近加速。

When a market breaks above a prior high, it often pulls back to test that breakout point.
当市场突破先前高点时，它通常会回调以测试该突破点。
Bulls will buy a reversal up.
多头会买入反转上涨。
A trading range day often oscillates around the open all day. If the market is near the high or low of the
day in the final 2 hours, look for a reversal toward the open.
交易日的交易区间通常全天围绕开盘价波动。如果市场在最后 2 小时内接近当天的高点或低
点，则寻找开盘反转。
Most trading range days end the day around the open.
大多数交易日在开盘附近结束。
Beginner gets upset by strong rally suddenly becoming endless bear trend.
强劲的反弹突然变成无尽的熊市趋势，令初学者感到不安。

Experienced trader knows where resistance is and looks for a reversal down. Any strong rally to
resistance can simply be a buy vacuum test of the resistance.
经验丰富的交易者知道阻力在哪里，并寻找下行反转。任何强劲的阻力反弹都可能只是阻力的
买入真空测试。
References 参考
1. Wikipedia.org, Price action trading.
Wikipedia.org，价格行为交易。
2. Brooks, Al (2009). Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar: the Technical Analysis of
Price Action for the Serious Trader. Hoboken, New Jersey, USA: John Wiley &
Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-0-470-44395-8.
艾尔·布鲁克斯（2009）。逐条阅读价格图表：认真交易者的价格行为技术分析。美国新泽
西州霍博肯：John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-0-470-44395-8。
3. Brooks, Al (2012). Trading Price Action TRENDS. Hoboken, New Jersey, USA:
John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-16623-9.
艾尔·布鲁克斯（2012）。交易价格走势趋势。美国新泽西州霍博肯：John Wiley &
Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-16623-9。
4. Brooks, Al (2012). Trading Price Action TRADING RANGES. Hoboken, New
Jersey, USA: John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-17231-5.
艾尔·布鲁克斯（2012）。交易价格行为交易范围。美国新泽西州霍博肯：John Wiley &
Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-17231-5。
5. Brooks, Al (2012). Trading Price Action REVERSALS. Hoboken, New Jersey,
USA: John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-17228-5.
艾尔·布鲁克斯（2012）。交易价格行为逆转。美国新泽西州霍博肯：John Wiley &
Sons, Inc. ISBN 978-1-118-17228-5。
6. Chicago Board of Trade (1997). Commodity trading manual (9th ed. ed.).
London: Fitzroy Dearborn Publishers. ISBN 978-1-57958-002-5.
芝加哥期货交易所 (1997)。商品交易手册（第 9 版）。伦敦：菲茨罗伊迪尔伯恩出版社。
ISBN 978-1-57958-002-5。
7. Livermore, Jesse Lauriston (1940). How to trade in stocks. New York, USA:
Duel, Sloan & Pearce.
杰西·劳里斯顿·利弗莫尔 (1940)。如何交易股票。美国纽约：决斗，斯隆和皮尔斯。
8. Murphy, John J. (1999). Technical analysis of the financial markets : a
comprehensive guide to trading methods and applications (2nd ed. ed.). New
York [u.a.]: New York Inst. of Finance. ISBN 0-7352-0066-1.
约翰·墨菲 (1999)。金融市场技术分析：交易方法和应用综合指南（第二版）。纽约
[u.a.]：纽约研究所。金融学。 ISBN 0-7352-0066-1。
9. Neill, Humphrey B. (1931). Tape reading & market tactics. New York, USA:
Marketplace Books. ISBN 978-965-00-6041-1.
尼尔，汉弗莱 B. (1931)。磁带阅读和市场策略。美国纽约：市场书籍。 ISBN 978-965-
00-6041-1。
10. Schwager, Jack D. (1996). Technical analysis (Reprint. ed.). New York, USA:
John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-02051-6.

杰克·D·施瓦格 (1996)。技术分析（重印编辑）。美国纽约：约翰·威利父子公司。 ISBN
978-0-471-02051-6。
11. Edwards, Robert D.; Magee, John (1948). Technical Analysis of Stock Trends.
Springfield, MA, USA: Stock Trend Service. ISBN 1-880408-00-7.
爱德华兹，罗伯特·D.；约翰·马吉 (1948)。股票趋势的技术分析。美国马萨诸塞州斯普林
菲尔德：股票趋势服务。 ISBN 1-880408-​00-7。
Filed Under: Price Action Tagged With: Price Action Patterns, Price Action Trading
About Al Brooks 关于阿尔布鲁克斯
Al Brooks is a full time professional price action day trader who understands what
a trader goes through to achieve his goal of making money, and he is a strong
advocate for individual traders. Al teaches you how to trade online like a
professional with his best selling price action trading books, the Brooks Trading
Course videos, and through the many articles on this website. You can contact Al here.
艾尔·布鲁克斯 (Al Brooks) 是一名全职专业价格行为日间交易员，他了解交易员为实现赚钱目标所经历的过
程，并且是个人交易员的坚定拥护者。 Al 通过他最畅销的价格行为交易书籍、布鲁克斯交易课程视频以及本
网站上的许多文章教您如何像专业人士一样在线交易。您可以在这里联系阿尔。
Risk Disclosure 风险披露
Futures and forex trading contains substantial risk and
is not for every investor. An investor could potentially
lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital
is money that can be lost without jeopardizing ones’
financial security or life style. Only risk capital should be
used for trading and only those with sufficient risk
capital should consider trading. Past performance is not
necessarily indicative of future results.
期货和外汇交易存在巨大风险，并不适合每个投资者。投资者可
能会损失全部或超过初始投资。风险资本是可以在不危及个人财
务安全或生活方式的情况下损失的资金。只有风险资本才可以用
于交易，并且只有拥有足够风险资本的人才可以考虑进行交易。
过去的表现并不一定代表未来的结果。
The trading room is for educational purposes only and
opinions expressed are those of the presenter only. All
trades presented should be considered hypothetical and
should not be expected to be replicated in a live trading
account.
交易室仅用于教育目的，所表达的意见仅代表演讲者的观点。所
提供的所有交易均应被视为假设交易，不应期望在真实交易账户
中复制。
Hypothetical Performance Disclosure
假设业绩披露
Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No
representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown; in
fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results
subsequently achieved by any particular trading program.
假设的性能结果有许多固有的局限性，其中一些如下所述。不表示任何账户将会或可能实现与所示类似的利润或损失；事实上，假设的
业绩结果与任何特定交易程序随后实现的实际结果之间经常存在巨大差异。
One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of
hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can
completely account for the impact of financial risk of actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to
adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect
actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation
of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance
results and all which can adversely affect trading results.
假设绩效结果的局限性之一是它们通常是在事后诸葛亮的情况下准备的。此外，假设交易不涉及财务风险，任何假设交易记录都不能完
全解释实际交易的财务风险的影响。例如，承受损失的能力或在交易损失的情况下坚持特定交易计划的能力是重要的一点，也可能对实
际交易结果产生不利影响。还有许多其他因素与一般市场或与任何特定交易计划的实施相关，这些因素在准备假设业绩结果时无法充分
考虑，所有这些因素都可能对交易结果产生不利影响。
Copyright © 2024 Brooks Trading Course · Home | Disclaimer & Agreement | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Contact Us
版权所有 © 2024 布鲁克斯交易课程·首页 |免责声明及协议 |隐私政策 |网站地图 |联系我们
English  
 英语
Português  
 葡萄牙语
Español  
 西班牙语
赞