Trading
Price
Action
TRADING
RANGES

Founded in 1807, John Wiley & Sons is the oldest independent publishing com-
pany in the United States. With ofﬁces in North America, Europe, Australia, and
Asia, Wiley is globally committed to developing and marketing print and electronic
products and services for our customers’ professional and personal knowledge and
understanding.
The Wiley Trading series features books by traders who have survived the mar-
ket’s ever changing temperament and have prospered—some by reinventing sys-
tems, others by getting back to basics. Whether a novice trader, professional, or
somewhere in-between, these books will provide the advice and strategies needed
to prosper today and well into the future.
For a list of available titles, please visit our Web site at www.WileyFinance.com.

Trading
Price
Action
TRADING
RANGES
TECHNICAL ANALYSIS OF PRICE CHARTS
BAR BY BAR FOR THE SERIOUS TRADER
AL BROOKS
John Wiley & Sons, Inc.

Copyright C⃝ 2012 by Al Brooks. All rights reserved.
The ﬁrst edition of this book, titled Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar: The Technical Analysis of Price
Action for the Serious Trader, was published in 2009.
Published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., Hoboken, New Jersey.
Published simultaneously in Canada.
All charts were created with TradeStation. C⃝ TradeStation Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form
or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, or otherwise, except as
permitted under Section 107 or 108 of the 1976 United States Copyright Act, without either the prior
written permission of the Publisher, or authorization through payment of the appropriate per-copy fee
to the Copyright Clearance Center, Inc., 222 Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923, (978) 750-8400, fax
(978) 646-8600, or on the Web at www.copyright.com. Requests to the Publisher for permission should
be addressed to the Permissions Department, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 111 River Street, Hoboken, NJ
07030, (201) 748-6011, fax (201) 748-6008, or online at http://www.wiley.com/go/permissions.
Limit of Liability/Disclaimer of Warranty: While the publisher and author have used their best efforts in
preparing this book, they make no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy or com-
pleteness of the contents of this book and speciﬁcally disclaim any implied warranties of merchantabil-
ity or ﬁtness for a particular purpose. No warranty may be created or extended by sales representatives
or written sales materials. The advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for your situ-
ation. You should consult with a professional where appropriate. Neither the publisher nor author shall
be liable for any loss of proﬁt or any other commercial damages, including but not limited to special,
incidental, consequential, or other damages.
For general information on our other products and services or for technical support, please contact our
Customer Care Department within the United States at (800) 762-2974, outside the United States at (317)
572-3993 or fax (317) 572-4002.
Wiley also publishes its books in a variety of electronic formats. Some content that appears in print may
not be available in electronic books. For more information about Wiley products, visit our web site at
www.wiley.com.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data:
Brooks, Al, 1952–
Trading price action trading ranges : technical analysis of price charts bar by bar for the serious
trader / Al Brooks.
p. cm. – (The Wiley trading series)
“The ﬁrst edition of this book titled, Reading price charts bar by bar : the technical analysis of price
action for the serious trader, was published in 2009”–T.p. verso.
Includes index.
ISBN 978-1-118-06667-6 (cloth); ISBN 978-1-118-17231-5 (ebk);
ISBN 978-1-118-17232-2 (ebk); ISBN 978-1-118-17233-9 (ebk)
1. Stocks–Prices–Charts, diagrams, etc.
I. Brooks, Al, 1952– Reading price charts bar by bar.
II. Title.
HG4638.B757 2012
332.63′2042–dc23
2011029299
Printed in the United States of America
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1

I would like to dedicate this book to my daughter, Skylar Brooks,
who is tender, sweet, sensitive, incredibly accomplished, trusting,
and persistently hopeful. She wants the world to be a better place
and is doing far more than the rest of us to make it happen.


Contents
Acknowledgments
xi
List of Terms Used in This Book
xiii
Introduction
1
PART I
Breakouts: Transitioning into a New Trend
35
CHAPTER 1
Example of How to Trade a Breakout
53
CHAPTER 2
Signs of Strength in a Breakout
61
CHAPTER 3
Initial Breakout
81
CHAPTER 4
Breakout Entries in Existing
Strong Trends
91
CHAPTER 5
Failed Breakouts, Breakout Pullbacks,
and Breakout Tests
99
CHAPTER 6
Gaps
119
PART II
Magnets: Support and Resistance
139
CHAPTER 7
Measured Moves Based on the Size
of the First Leg (the Spike)
153
CHAPTER 8
Measured Moves Based on Gaps and
Trading Ranges
165
vii

viii
CONTENTS
CHAPTER 9
Reversals Often End at Signal Bars
from Prior Failed Reversals
175
CHAPTER 10
Other Magnets
179
PART III
Pullbacks: Trends Converting to Trading Ranges
183
CHAPTER 11
First Pullback Sequence: Bar, Minor
Trend Line, Moving Average, Moving
Average Gap, Major Trend Line
205
CHAPTER 12
Double Top Bear Flags and Double
Bottom Bull Flags
213
CHAPTER 13
Twenty Gap Bars
233
CHAPTER 14
First Moving Average Gap Bars
239
CHAPTER 15
Key Inﬂection Times of the Day That
Set Up Breakouts and Reversals
245
CHAPTER 16
Counting the Legs of Trends and
Trading Ranges
253
CHAPTER 17
Bar Counting: High and Low 1, 2, 3,
and 4 Patterns and ABC Corrections
259
CHAPTER 18
Wedge and Other Three-Push Pullbacks
301
CHAPTER 19
Dueling Lines: Wedge Pullback to the
Trend Line
313
CHAPTER 20
“Reversal” Patterns: Double Tops and
Bottoms and Head and Shoulders Tops
and Bottoms
319

CONTENTS
ix
PART IV
Trading Ranges
327
CHAPTER 21
Example of How to Trade a Trading Range
367
CHAPTER 22
Tight Trading Ranges
377
CHAPTER 23
Triangles
411
PART V
Orders and Trade Management
417
CHAPTER 24
Scalping, Swinging, Trading,
and Investing
419
CHAPTER 25
Mathematics of Trading: Should I Take
This Trade? Will I Make Money If I Take
This Trade?
437
CHAPTER 26
Need Two Reasons to Take a Trade
481
CHAPTER 27
Entering on Stops
491
CHAPTER 28
Entering on Limits
493
CHAPTER 29
Protective and Trailing Stops
517
CHAPTER 30
Proﬁt Taking and Proﬁt Targets
535
CHAPTER 31
Scaling Into and Out of a Trade
543
CHAPTER 32
Getting Trapped In or Out of a Trade
567
About the Author
571
About the Website
573
Index
575


Acknowledgments
My primary goal is to present a series of comprehensive books on price action,
and the greatest concern among readers was how difﬁcult my earlier book,
Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar, was to read. I am deeply appreciative of all of
the constructive comments that readers have provided and those from the partici-
pants in my daily live webinars. Many of these comments were incredibly insightful
and I have incorporated them in this current edition. I am also thankful to all of
the traders who have been in my live trading room, because they have given me the
opportunity to say things repeatedly until I could clearly articulate what I am see-
ing and doing. They have also asked many questions that have helped me ﬁnd the
words to communicate more effectively, and I have put those words in these books.
I would like to give a special thank-you to Victor Brancale, who spent long
hours proofreading the manuscripts and providing hundreds of very helpful edits
and suggestions, and to Robert Gjerde, who built and administers my website and
has given me candid feedback on the chat room and the website. Finally, I want to
thank Ginger Szala, the Group Editorial Director of Futures magazine, for giving me
ongoing opportunities to publish articles and speak in webinars, and for regularly
giving me very helpful advice on how to become more involved with the trading
community.
xi


List of Terms
Used in This Book
All of these terms are deﬁned in a practical way to be helpful to traders and not
necessarily in the theoretical way often described by technicians.
always in
If you have to be in the market at all times, either long or short, this is
whatever your current position is (always in long or always in short). If at any time
you are forced to decide between initiating a long or a short trade and are conﬁdent
in your choice, then the market is in always-in mode at that moment. Almost all of
these trades require a spike in the direction of the trend before traders will have
conﬁdence.
barbwire
A trading range of three or more bars that largely overlap and one or
more is a doji. It is a type of tight trading range with prominent tails and often
relatively large bars.
bar pullback
In an upswing, a bar pullback is a bar with a low below the low of
the prior bar. In a downswing, it is a bar with a high above that of the prior bar.
bear reversal
A change in trend from up to down (a bear trend).
blown account
An account that your losses have reduced below the minimum
margin requirements set by your broker, and you will not be allowed to place a
trade unless you deposit more money.
breakout
The high or low of the current bar extends beyond some prior price of
signiﬁcance such as a swing high or low, the high or low of any prior bar, a trend
line, or a trend channel.
breakout bar (or bar breakout)
A bar that creates a breakout. It is usually a
strong trend bar.
breakout mode
A setup where a breakout in either direction should have follow-
through.
breakout pullback
A small pullback of one to about ﬁve bars that occurs within
a few bars after a breakout. Since you see it as a pullback, you are expecting the
xiii

xiv
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
breakout to resume and the pullback is a setup for that resumption. If instead you
thought that the breakout would fail, you would not use the term pullback and
instead would see the pullback as a failed breakout. For example, if there was a
ﬁve-bar breakout above a bear trend line but you believed that the bear trend would
continue, you would be considering shorting this bear ﬂag and not looking to buy a
pullback immediately after it broke out to the downside.
breakout test
A breakout pullback that comes close to the original entry price
to test a breakeven stop. It may overshoot it or undershoot it by a few ticks. It can
occur within a bar or two of entry or after an extended move or even 20 or more
bars later.
bull reversal
A change in trend from a downtrend to an uptrend (a bull trend).
buying pressure
Strong bulls are asserting themselves and their buying is creat-
ing bull trend bars, bars with tails at the bottoms, and two-bar bull reversals. The
effect is cumulative and usually is eventually followed by higher prices.
candle
A chart representation of price action in which the body is the area be-
tween the open and the close. If the close is above the open, it is a bull candle and
is shown as white. If it is below, it is a bear candle and is black. The lines above and
below are called tails (some technicians call them wicks or shadows).
chart type
A line, bar, candle, volume, tick, or other type of chart.
climax
A move that has gone too far too fast and has now reversed direction to
either a trading range or an opposite trend. Most climaxes end with trend channel
overshoots and reversals, but most of those reversals result in trading ranges and
not an opposite trend.
countertrend
A trade or setup that is in the opposite direction from the current
trend (the current always-in direction). This is a losing strategy for most traders
since the risk is usually at least as large as the reward and the probability is rarely
high enough to make the trader’s equation favorable.
countertrend scalp
A trade taken in the belief that there is more to go in the
trend but that a small pullback is due; you enter countertrend to capture a small
proﬁt as that small pullback is forming. This is usually a mistake and should be
avoided.
day trade
A trade where the intent is to exit on the day of entry.
directional probability
The probability that the market will move either up or
down any number of ticks before it reaches a certain number of ticks in the op-
posite direction. If you are looking at an equidistant move up and down, it hovers
around 50 percent most of the time, which means that there is a 50–50 chance that
the market will move up by X ticks before it moves down X ticks, and a 50–50
chance that it will move down X ticks before it moves up X ticks.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xv
doji
A candle with a small body or no body at all. On a 5 minute chart, the body
would be only one or two ticks; but on a daily chart, the body might be 10 or more
ticks and still appear almost nonexistent. Neither the bulls nor the bears control
the bar. All bars are either trend bars or nontrend bars, and those nontrend bars
are called dojis.
double bottom
A chart formation in which the low of the current bar is about the
same as the low of a prior swing low. That prior low can be just one bar earlier or 20
or more bars earlier. It does not have to be at the low of the day, and it commonly
forms in bull ﬂags (a double bottom bull ﬂag).
double bottom bull ﬂag
A pause or bull ﬂag in a bull trend that has two spikes
down to around the same price and then reverses back into a bull trend.
double bottom pullback
A buy setup composed of a double bottom followed by
a deep pullback that forms a higher low.
double top
A chart formation in which the high of the current bar is about the
same as the high of a prior swing high. That prior high can be just one bar earlier
or 20 or more bars earlier. It does not have to be at the high of the day, and it
commonly forms in bear ﬂags (a double top bear ﬂag).
double top bear ﬂag
A pause or bear ﬂag in a bear trend that has two spikes up
to around the same price and then reverses back into a bear trend.
double top pullback
A sell setup composed of a double top followed by a deep
pullback that forms a lower high.
early longs
Traders who buy as a bull signal bar is forming rather than waiting
for it to close and then entering on a buy stop at one tick above its high.
early shorts
Traders who sell as a bear signal bar is forming rather than waiting
for it to close and then entering on a sell stop at one tick below its low.
edge
A setup with a positive trader’s equation. The trader has a mathematical
advantage if he trades the setup. Edges are always small and ﬂeeting because they
need someone on the other side, and the market is ﬁlled with smart traders who
won’t allow an edge to be big and persistent.
EMA
See exponential moving average (EMA).
entry bar
The bar during which a trade is entered.
exponential moving average (EMA)
The charts in these books use a 20-bar
exponential moving average, but any moving average can be useful.
fade
To place a trade in the opposite direction of the trend (for example, selling
a bull breakout that you expect to fail and reverse downward).
failed failure
A failure that fails, resuming in the direction of the original break-
out, and therefore a breakout pullback. Since it is a second signal, it is more

xvi
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
reliable. For example, if there is a breakout above a trading range and the bar after
the breakout is a bear reversal bar, if the market trades below that bar, the breakout
has failed. If the market then trades above the high of a prior bar within the next
few bars, the failed breakout has failed and now the breakout is resuming. This
means that the failed breakout became a small bull ﬂag and just a pullback from
the breakout.
failure (a failed move)
A move where the protective stop is hit before a
scalper’s proﬁt is secured or before the trader’s objective is reached, usually leading
to a move in the opposite direction as trapped traders are forced to exit at a loss.
Currently, a scalper’s target in the Emini of four ticks usually requires a six-tick
move, and a target in the QQQQ of 10 ticks usually requires a move of 12 cents.
false
Failed, failure.
ﬁve-tick failure
A trade in the Emini that reaches ﬁve ticks beyond the signal
bar and then reverses. For example, a breakout of a bull ﬂag runs ﬁve ticks, and
once the bar closes, the next bar has a low that is lower. Most limit orders to take
a one-point proﬁt would fail to get ﬁlled since a move usually has to go one tick
beyond the order before it is ﬁlled. It is often a setup for a trade in the opposite
direction.
ﬂat
Refers to a trader who is not currently holding any positions.
follow-through
After the initial move, like a breakout, it is one or more bars that
extend the move. Traders like to see follow-through on the next bar and on the
several bars after that, hoping for a trend where they stand to make more proﬁt.
follow-through bar
A bar that creates follow-through after the entry bar; it is
usually the next bar but sometimes forms a couple of bars later.
fractal
Every pattern is a fractal of a pattern on a higher time frame chart. This
means that every pattern is a micro pattern on a higher time frame and every micro
pattern is a standard pattern on a smaller time frame.
gap
A space between any two price bars on the chart. An opening gap is a com-
mon occurrence and is present if the open of the ﬁrst bar of today is beyond the
high or low of the prior bar (the last bar of yesterday) or of the entire day. A mov-
ing average gap is present when the low of a bar is above a ﬂat or falling moving
average, or the high of a bar is below a ﬂat or rising moving average. Traditional
gaps (breakout, measuring, and exhaustion) on daily charts have intraday equiva-
lents in the form of various trend bars.
gap bar
See moving average gap bar.
gap reversal
A formation in which the current bar extends one tick beyond the
prior bar back into the gap. For example, if there is a gap up open and the second
bar of the day trades one tick below the low of the ﬁrst bar, this is a gap reversal.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xvii
HFT
See high-frequency trading (HFT).
higher high
A swing high that is higher than a previous swing high.
higher low
A swing low that is higher than a previous swing low.
higher time frame (HTF)
A chart covering the same amount of time as the
current chart, but having fewer bars. For example, compared to the day session
5 minute Emini chart on an average day, examples of higher time frame charts
include a 15 minute chart, a tick chart with 25,000 ticks per bar, and a volume chart
with 100,000 contracts per bar (each of these charts usually has fewer than 30 bars
on an average day, compared to the 81 bars on the 5 minute chart).
high-frequency trading (HFT)
Also known as algorithmic trading or black box
trading, it is a type of program trading where ﬁrms place millions of orders a day
in thousands of stocks to scalp proﬁts as small as a penny, and the trading is based
on statistical analysis rather than fundamentals.
high/low 1 or 2
Either a high 1 or 2 or a low 1 or 2.
high 1, 2, 3, or 4
A high 1 is a bar with a high above the prior bar in a bull ﬂag or
near the bottom of a trading range. If there is then a bar with a lower high (it can
occur one or several bars later), the next bar in this correction whose high is above
the prior bar’s high is a high 2. Third and fourth occurrences are a high 3 and 4. A
high 3 is a wedge bull ﬂag variant.
HTF
See higher time frame (HTF).
ii
Consecutive inside bars, where the second is inside the ﬁrst. At the end of a
leg, it is a breakout mode setup and can become a ﬂag or a reversal setup. A less
reliable version is a “bodies-only ii,” where you ignore the tails. Here, the second
body is inside the ﬁrst body, which is inside the body before it.
iii
Three inside bars in a row, and a somewhat more reliable pattern than an ii.
inside bar
A bar with a high that is at or below the high of the prior bar and a low
that is at or above the low of the prior bar.
institution
Also called the smart money, it can be a pension fund, hedge fund,
insurance company, bank, broker, large individual trader, or any other entity that
trades enough volume to impact the market. Market movement is the cumulative ef-
fect of many institutions placing trades, and a single institution alone usually cannot
move a major market for very long. Traditional institutions place trades based on
fundamentals, and they used to be the sole determinant of the market’s direction.
However, HFT ﬁrms now have a signiﬁcant inﬂuence on the day’s movement since
their trading currently generates most of the day’s volume. HFT ﬁrms are a special
type of institutional ﬁrm and their trading is based on statistics and not fundamen-
tals. Traditional institutions determine the direction and target, but mathematicians
determine the path that the market takes to get there.

xviii
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
ioi
Inside-outside-inside—three consecutive bars where the second bar is an out-
side bar, and the third bar is an inside bar. It is often a breakout mode setup where
a trader looks to buy above the inside bar or sell below it.
ledge
A bull ledge is a small trading range with a bottom created by two or more
bars with identical lows; a bear ledge is a small trading range with a top created by
two or more bars with identical highs.
leg
A small trend that breaks a trend line of any size; the term is used only where
there are at least two legs on the chart. It is any smaller trend that is part of a
larger trend and it can be a pullback (a countertrend move), a swing in a trend or
in a sideways market, or a with-trend move in a trend that occurs between any two
pullbacks within the trend.
likely
At least 60 percent certain.
long
A person who buys a position in a market or the actual position itself.
lot
The smallest position size that can be traded in a market. It is a share when
referring to stocks and a contract when referring to Eminis or other futures.
lower high
A swing high that is lower than a previous swing high.
lower low
A swing low that is lower than a previous swing low.
low 1, 2, 3, or 4
A low 1 is a bar with a low below the prior bar in a bear ﬂag or
near the top of a trading range. If there is then a bar with a higher low (it can occur
one or several bars later), the next bar in this correction whose low is below the
prior bar’s low is a low 2. Third and fourth occurrences are a low 3 and 4. A low 3
is a wedge bear ﬂag variant.
major trend line
Any trend line that contains most of the price action on the
screen and is typically drawn using bars that are at least 10 bars apart.
major trend reversal
A reversal from a bull to a bear trend or from a bear trend
to a bull trend. The setup must include a test of the old trend extreme after a break
of the trend line.
meltdown
A sell-off in a bear spike or a tight bear channel without signiﬁcant
pullbacks and that extends further than the fundamentals would dictate.
melt-up
A rally in a bull spike or a tight bull channel without signiﬁcant pullbacks
and that extends further than the fundamentals would dictate.
micro
Any traditional pattern can form over one to about ﬁve bars and still be
valid, although easily overlooked. When it forms, it is a micro version of the pattern.
Every micro pattern is a traditional pattern on a smaller time frame chart, and every
traditional pattern is a micro pattern on a higher time frame chart.
micro channel
A very tight channel where most of the bars have their highs and
lows touching the trend line and, often, also the trend channel line. It is the most

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xix
extreme form of a tight channel, and it has no pullbacks or only one or two small
pullbacks.
micro double bottom
Consecutive or nearly consecutive bars with lows that are
near the same price.
micro double top
Consecutive or nearly consecutive bars with highs that are
near the same price.
micro measuring gap
When the bar before and the bar after a strong trend bar
do not overlap, this is a sign of strength and often leads to a measured move. For
example, if there is a strong bull trend bar and the low of the bar after it is at or
above the high of the bar before it, the midpoint between that low and that high is
the micro measuring gap.
micro trend channel line
A trend channel line drawn across the highs or lows
of three to ﬁve consecutive bars.
micro trend line breakout
A trend line on any time frame that is drawn across
from two to about 10 bars where most of the bars touch or are close to the trend
line, and then one of the bars has a false breakout through the trend line. This false
breakout sets up a with-trend entry. If it fails within a bar or two, then there is
usually a countertrend trade.
money stop
A stop based on a ﬁxed dollar amount or number of points, like two
points in the Eminis or a dollar in a stock.
moving average
The charts in this book use a 20-bar exponential moving aver-
age, but any moving average can be useful.
moving average gap bar (gap bar)
A bar that does not touch the moving aver-
age. The space between the bar and the moving average is the gap. The ﬁrst pull-
back in a strong trend that results in a moving average gap bar is usually followed
by a test of the trend’s extreme. For example, when there is a strong bull trend and
there is a pullback that ﬁnally has a bar with a high below the moving average, this
is often a buy setup for a test of the high of the trend.
nesting
Sometimes a pattern has a smaller version of a comparable pattern
“nested” within it. For example, it is common for the right shoulder of a head and
shoulders top to be either a small head and shoulders top or a double top.
news
Useless information generated by the media for the sole purpose of selling
advertising and making money for the media company. It is unrelated to trading, is
impossible to evaluate, and should always be ignored.
oio
Outside-inside-outside, an outside bar followed by an inside bar, followed by
an outside bar.
oo
Outside-outside, an outside bar followed by a larger outside bar.
opening reversal
A reversal in the ﬁrst hour or so of the day.

xx
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
outside bar
A bar with a high that is above or at the high of the prior bar and a
low that is below the low of the prior bar, or a bar with a low that is below or at the
low of the prior bar and a high that is above the high of the prior bar.
outside down bar
An outside bar with a close below its open.
outside up bar
An outside bar with a close above its open.
overshoot
The market surpasses a prior price of signiﬁcance like a swing point
or a trend line.
pause bar
A bar that does not extend the trend. In a bull trend, a pause bar has a
high that is at or below the prior bar, or a small bar with a high that is only a tick or
so higher than the previous bar when the previous bar is a strong bull trend bar. It
is a type of pullback.
pip
A tick in the foreign exchange (forex) market. However, some data vendors
provide quotes with an extra decimal place, which should be ignored.
pressing their longs
In a bull trend, bulls add to their longs as in a bull spike
and as the market breaks out to a new high, because they expect another leg up to
about a measured move.
pressing their shorts
In a bear trend, bears add to their shorts in a bear spike
and as the market breaks out to a new low, because they expect another leg down
to about a measured move.
price action
Any change in price on any chart type or time frame.
probability
The chance of success. For example, if a trader looks back at the
most recent 100 times a certain setup led to a trade and ﬁnds that it led to a prof-
itable trade 60 times, then that would indicate that the setup has about a 60 percent
probability of success. There are many variables that can never be fully tested, so
probabilities are only approximations and at times can be very misleading.
probably
At least 60 percent certain.
pullback
A temporary pause or countertrend move that is part of a trend, swing,
or leg and does not retrace beyond the start of the trend, swing, or leg. It is a small
trading range where traders expect the trend to resume soon. For example, a bear
pullback is a sideways to upward move in a bear trend, swing, or leg that will be
followed by at least a test of the prior low. It can be as small as a one-tick move
above the high of the prior bar or it can even be a pause, like an inside bar.
pullback bar
A bar that reverses the prior bar by at least one tick. In an uptrend,
it is a bar with a low below that of the prior bar.
reasonable
A setup with a favorable trader’s equation.
reversal
A change to an opposite type of behavior. Most technicians use the term
to mean a change from a bull trend to a bear trend or from a bear trend to a bull

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxi
trend. However, trading range behavior is opposite to trending behavior, so when a
trend becomes a trading range, this is also a reversal. When a trading range becomes
a trend, it is a reversal but is usually called a breakout.
reversal bar
A trend bar in the opposite direction of the trend. When a bear leg
is reversing up, a bull reversal bar is a bull trend bar, and the classic description
includes a tail at the bottom and a close above the open and near the top. A bear
reversal bar is a bear trend bar in a bull leg, and the traditional description includes
a tail at the top and a close below the open and near the bottom.
reward
The number of ticks that a trader expects to make from a trade. For ex-
ample, if the trader exits with a limit order at a proﬁt target, it is the number of ticks
between the entry price and the proﬁt target.
risk
The number of ticks from a trader’s entry price to a protective stop. It is the
minimum that the trader will lose if a trade goes against him (slippage and other
factors can make the actual risk greater than the theoretical risk).
risk off
When traders think that the stock market will fall, they become risk
averse, sell out of volatile stocks and currencies, and transition into safe-haven
investments, like Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Altria Group (MO), Procter & Gamble
(PG), the U.S. dollar, and the Swiss franc.
risk on
When traders think that the stock market is strong, they are willing to
take more risks and invest in stocks that tend to rise faster than the overall market,
and invest in more volatile currencies, like the Australian dollar or the Swedish
krona.
risky
When the trader’s equation is unclear or barely favorable for a trade. It can
also mean that the probability of success for a trade is 50 percent or less, regardless
of the risk and potential reward.
scalp
A trade that is exited with a small proﬁt, usually before there are any pull-
backs. In the Emini, when the average range is about 10 to 15 points, a scalp trade
is usually any trade where the goal is less than four points. For the SPY or stocks,
it might be 10 to 30 cents. For more expensive stocks, it can be $1 to $2. Since
the proﬁt is often smaller than the risk, a trader has to win at least 70 percent of
the time, which is an unrealistic goal for most traders. Traders should take trades
only where the potential reward is at least as great as the risk unless they are
extremely skilled.
scalper
A trader who primarily scalps for small proﬁts, usually using a tight stop.
scalper’s proﬁt
A typical amount of proﬁt that a scalper would be targeting.
scratch
A trade that is close to breakeven with either a small proﬁt or a loss.
second entry
The second time within a few bars of the ﬁrst entry where there
is an entry bar based on the same logic as the ﬁrst entry. For example, if a

xxii
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
breakout above a wedge bull ﬂag fails and pulls back to a double bottom bull ﬂag,
this pullback sets up a second buy signal for the wedge bull ﬂag.
second moving average gap bar setup
If there is a ﬁrst moving average gap bar
and a reversal toward the moving average does not reach the moving average, and
instead the move away from the moving average continues, it is the next reversal
in the direction of the moving average.
second signal
The second time within a few bars of the ﬁrst signal where there
is a setup based on the same logic as the ﬁrst signal.
selling pressure
Strong bears are asserting themselves and their selling is cre-
ating bear trend bars, bars with tails at the tops, and two-bar bear reversals. The
effect is cumulative and usually is eventually followed by lower prices.
setup
A pattern of one or more bars used by traders as the basis to place entry
orders. If an entry order is ﬁlled, the last bar of the setup becomes the signal bar.
Most setups are just a single bar.
shaved body
A candle with no tail at one or both ends. A shaved top has no tail
at the top and a shaved bottom has no tail at the bottom.
short
As a verb, to sell a stock or futures contract to initiate a new position (not
to exit a prior purchase). As a noun, a person who sells something short, or the
actual position itself.
shrinking stairs
A stairs pattern where the most recent breakout is smaller than
the previous one. It is a series of three or more trending highs in a bull trend or
lows in a bear trend where each breakout to a new extreme is by fewer ticks than
the prior breakout, indicating waning momentum. It can be a three-push pattern,
but it does not have to resemble a wedge and can be any series of broad swings in
a trend.
signal bar
The bar immediately before the bar in which an entry order is ﬁlled
(the entry bar). It is the ﬁnal bar of a setup.
smaller time frame (STF)
A chart covering the same amount of time as the
current chart, but having more bars. For example, compared to the day session
5 minute Emini chart on an average day, examples of smaller time frame charts
include a 1 minute chart, a tick chart with 500 ticks per bar, and a volume chart
with 1,000 contracts per bar (each of these charts usually has more than 200 bars
on an average day, compared to the 81 bars on the 5 minute chart).
smart traders
Consistently proﬁtable traders who are usually trading large posi-
tions and are generally on the right side of the market.
spike and channel
A breakout into a trend in which the follow-through is in the
form of a channel where the momentum is less and there is two-sided trading taking
place.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxiii
stair
A push to a new extreme in a trending trading range trend or a broad
channel trend where there is a series of three or more trending swings that re-
sembles a sloping trading range and is roughly contained in a channel. After the
breakout, there is a breakout pullback that retraces at least slightly into the prior
trading range, which is not a requirement of other trending trading ranges. Two-
way trading is taking place but one side is in slightly more control, accounting for
the slope.
STF
See smaller time frame (STF).
strong bulls and bears
Institutional traders and their cumulative buying and
selling determine the direction of the market.
success
Refers to traders achieving their objective. Their proﬁt target was
reached before their protective stop was hit.
swing
A smaller trend that breaks a trend line of any size; the term is used only
when there are at least two on the chart. They can occur within a larger trend or in
a sideways market.
swing high
A bar that looks like a spike up on the chart and extends up beyond
the neighboring bars. Its high is at or above that of the bar before it and that of the
bar after it.
swing high/low
Either a swing high or a swing low.
swing low
A bar that looks like a spike down on the chart and extends down
beyond the neighboring bars. Its low is at or below that of the bar before it and that
of the bar after it.
swing point
Either a swing high or a swing low.
swing trade
For a day trader using a short-term intraday chart like the 5 minute,
it is any trade that lasts longer than a scalp and that the trader will hold through
one or more pullbacks. For a trader using higher time frame charts, it is a trade that
lasts for hours to several days. Typically, at least part of the trade is held without a
proﬁt target, since the trader is hoping for an extended move. The potential reward
is usually at least as large as the risk. Small swing trades are called scalps by many
traders. In the Emini, when the average range is about 10 to 15 points, a swing trade
is usually any trade where the goal is four or more points.
test
When the market approaches a prior price of signiﬁcance and can overshoot
or undershoot the target. The term failed test is used to mean opposite things by
different traders. Most traders believe that if the market then reverses, the test was
successful, and if it does not and the move continues beyond the test area, the test
failed and a breakout has occurred.
three pushes
Three swing highs where each swing high is usually higher or three
swing lows where each swing low is usually lower. It trades the same as a wedge

xxiv
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
and should be considered a variant. When it is part of a ﬂag, the move can be mostly
horizontal and each push does not have to extend beyond the prior one. For exam-
ple, in a wedge bull ﬂag or any other type of triangle, the second push down can
be at, above, or below the ﬁrst, and the third push down can be at, above, or below
either the second or the ﬁrst, or both.
tick
The smallest unit of price movement. For most stocks, it is one penny; for
10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures, it is 1/64th of a point; and for Eminis, it is
0.25 points. On tick charts and on time and sales tables, a tick is every trade that
takes place no matter the size and even if there is no price change. If you look at a
time and sales table, every trade is counted as one tick when TradeStation charting
software creates a tick chart.
tight channel
A channel where the trend line and trend channel line are close
together, and the pullbacks are small and last for only one to three bars.
tight trading range
A trading range of two or more bars with lots of overlap
in the bars and in which most reversals are too small to trade proﬁtably with stop
entries. The bulls and bears are in balance.
time frame
The length of time contained in one bar on the chart (a 5 minute
time frame is made of bars that close every ﬁve minutes). It can also refer to
bars not based on time, such as those based on volume or the number of ticks
traded.
tradable
A setup that you believe has a reasonable chance of leading to at least
a scalper’s proﬁt.
trader’s equation
To take a trade, you must believe that the probability of suc-
cess times the potential reward is greater than the probability of failure times the
risk. You set the reward and risk because the potential reward is the distance to
your proﬁt target and the risk is the distance to your stop. The difﬁculty in solv-
ing the equation is assigning a value to the probability, which can never be known
with certainty. As a guideline, if you are uncertain, assume that you have a 50 per-
cent chance of winning or losing, and if you are conﬁdent, assume that you have a
60 percent chance of winning and a 40 percent chance of losing.
trading range
The minimum requirement is a single bar with a range that is
largely overlapped by the bar before it. It is sideways movement and neither the
bull nor the bears are in control, although one side is often stronger. It is often a
pullback in a trend where the pullback has lasted long enough to lose most of its
certainty. In other words, traders have become uncertain about the direction of the
breakout in the short term, and the market will have repeated breakout attempts
up and down that will fail. It will usually ultimately break out in the direction of the
trend, and is a pullback on a higher time frame chart.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxv
trailing a stop
As the trade becomes increasingly proﬁtable, traders will often
move, or trail, the protective stop to protect more of their open proﬁt. For example,
if they are long in a bull trend, every time the market moves to a new high, they
might raise the protective stop to just below the most recent higher low.
trap
An entry that immediately reverses to the opposite direction before a
scalper’s proﬁt target is reached, trapping traders in their new position and ulti-
mately forcing them to cover at a loss. It can also scare traders out of a good trade.
trapped in a trade
A trader with an open loss on a trade that did not result in a
scalper’s proﬁt, and if there is a pullback beyond the entry or signal bars, the trader
will likely exit with a loss.
trapped out of a trade
A pullback that scares a trader into exiting a trade, but
then the pullback fails. The move quickly resumes in the direction of the trade,
making it difﬁcult emotionally for the trader to get back in at the worse price that
is now available. The trader will have to chase the market.
trend
A series of price changes that are either mostly up (a bull trend) or down
(a bear trend). There are three loosely deﬁned smaller versions: swings, legs, and
pullbacks. A chart will show only one or two major trends. If there are more, one
of the other terms is more appropriate.
trend bar
A bar with a body, which means that the close was above or below the
open, indicating that there is at least a minor price movement.
trend channel line
A line in the direction of the trend but drawn on the opposite
side of the bars compared to a trend line. A bull trend channel line is above the
highs and rising to the right, and a bear trend channel line is below the lows and
falling to the right.
trend channel line overshoot
One or more bars penetrating a trend channel
line.
trend channel line undershoot
A bar approaches a trend channel line but the
market reverses away from the line without reaching or penetrating it.
trend from the open
A trend that begins at the ﬁrst or one of the ﬁrst bars of
the day and extends for many bars without a pullback, and the start of the trend
remains as one of the extremes of the day for much if not all of the day.
trending closes
Three or more bars where the closes are trending. In a bull
trend, each close is above the prior close, and in a bear trend, each close is lower.
If the pattern extends for many bars, there can be one or two bars where the closes
are not trending.
trending highs or lows
The same as trending closes except based on the highs
or lows of the bars.

xxvi
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
trending swings
Three or more swings where the swing highs and lows are both
higher than the prior swing highs and lows (trending bull swings), or both lower
(trending bear swings).
trending trading ranges
Two or more trading ranges separated by a breakout.
trend line
A line drawn in the direction of the trend; it is sloped up and is below
the bars in a bull trend, and it is sloped down and is above the bars in a bear trend.
Most often, it is constructed from either swing highs or swing lows but can be based
on linear regression or just a best ﬁt (eyeballing).
trend reversal
A trend change from up to down or down to up, or from a trend
to a trading range.
20 moving average gap bars
Twenty or more consecutive bars that have not
touched the moving average. Once the market ﬁnally touches the moving average,
it usually creates a setup for a test of the trend’s extreme.
undershoot
The market approaches but does not reach a prior price of signiﬁ-
cance like a swing point or a trend line.
unlikely
At most 40 percent certain.
unreasonable
A setup with an unfavorable trader’s equation.
usually
At least 60 percent certain.
vacuum
A buy vacuum occurs when the strong bears believe that the price will
soon be higher so they wait to short until it reaches some magnet above the mar-
ket. The result is that there is a vacuum that sucks the market quickly up to the
magnet in the form of one or more bull trend bars. Once there, the strong bears
sell aggressively and turn the market down. A sell vacuum occurs when the strong
bulls believe that the market will soon be lower so they wait to buy until it falls
to some magnet below the market. The result is that there is a vacuum that sucks
the market down quickly to the magnet in the form of one or more bear trend bars.
Once there, strong bulls buy aggressively and turn the market back up.
wedge
Traditionally, a three-push move with each push extending further and the
trend line and trend channel line at least minimally convergent, creating a rising or
descending triangle with a wedge shape. For a trader, the wedge shape increases
the chances of a successful trade, but any three-push pattern trades like a wedge
and can be considered one. A wedge can be a reversal pattern or a pullback in a
trend (a bull or bear ﬂag).
wedge ﬂag
A wedge-shaped or three-push pullback in a trend, such as a high 3 in
a bull trend (a type of bull ﬂag) or a low 3 in a bear trend (a type of bear ﬂag). Since
it is a with-trend setup, enter on the ﬁrst signal.
wedge reversal
A wedge that is reversing a bull trend into a bear trend or a bear
trend into a bull trend. Since it is countertrend, unless it is very strong, it is better

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxvii
to take a second signal. For example, if there is a bear trend and then a descending
wedge, wait for a breakout above this potential wedge bottom and then try to buy
a pullback to a higher low.
with trend
Refers to a trade or a setup that is in the direction of the prevailing
trend. In general, the direction of the most recent 5 minute chart signal should be
assumed to be the trend’s direction. Also, if most of the past 10 or 20 bars are above
the moving average, trend setups and trades are likely on the buy side.


Trading
Price
Action
TRADING
RANGES


Introduction
T
here is a reason why there is no other comprehensive book about price
action written by a trader. It takes thousands of hours, and the ﬁnancial
reward is meager compared to that from trading. However, with my three
girls now away in grad school, I have a void to ﬁll and this has been a very sat-
isfying project. I originally planned on updating the ﬁrst edition of Reading Price
Charts Bar by Bar (John Wiley & Sons, 2009), but as I got into it, I decided instead
to go into great detail about how I view and trade the markets. I am metaphorically
teaching you how to play the violin. Everything you need to know to make a liv-
ing at it is in these books, but it is up to you to spend the countless hours learning
your trade. After a year of answering thousands of questions from traders on my
website at www.brookspriceaction.com, I think that I have found ways to express
my ideas much more clearly, and these books should be easier to read than that
one. The earlier book focused on reading price action, and this series of books is
instead centered on how to use price action to trade the markets. Since the book
grew to more than four times as many words as the ﬁrst book, John Wiley & Sons
decided to divide it into three separate books. This ﬁrst book covers price action
basics and trends. The second book is on trading ranges, order management, and
the mathematics of trading, and the ﬁnal book is about trend reversals, day trading,
daily charts, options, and the best setups for all time frames. Many of the charts
are also in Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar, but most have been updated and the
discussion about the charts has also been largely rewritten. Only about 5 percent
of the 120,000 words from that book are present in the 570,000 words in this new
series, so readers will ﬁnd little duplication.
My goals in writing this series of three books are to describe my understanding
of why the carefully selected trades offer great risk/reward ratios, and to present
ways to proﬁt from the setups. I am presenting material that I hope will be inter-
esting to professional traders and students in business school, but I also hope that
even traders starting out will ﬁnd some useful ideas. Everyone looks at price charts
but usually just brieﬂy and with a speciﬁc or limited goal. However, every chart has
an incredible amount of information that can be used to make proﬁtable trades, but
1

2
INTRODUCTION
much of it can be used effectively only if traders spend time to carefully understand
what each bar on the chart is telling them about what institutional money is doing.
Ninety percent or more of all trading in large markets is done by institutions,
which means that the market is simply a collection of institutions. Almost all are
proﬁtable over time, and the few that are not soon go out of business. Since in-
stitutions are proﬁtable and they are the market, every trade that you take has a
proﬁtable trader (a part of the collection of institutions) taking the other side of
your trade. No trade can take place without one institution willing to take one side
and another willing to take the other. The small-volume trades made by individuals
can only take place if an institution is willing to take the same trade. If you want
to buy at a certain price, the market will not get to that price unless one or more
institutions also want to buy at that price. You cannot sell at any price unless one or
more institutions are willing to sell there, because the market can only go to a price
where there are institutions willing to buy and others willing to sell. If the Emini is
at 1,264 and you are long with a protective sell stop at 1,262, your stop cannot get
hit unless there is an institution who is also willing to sell at 1,262. This is true for
virtually all trades.
If you trade 200 Emini contracts, then you are trading institutional volume and
are effectively an institution, and you will sometimes be able to move the market a
tick or two. Most individual traders, however, have no ability to move the market,
no matter how stupidly they are willing to trade. The market will not run your stops.
The market might test the price where your protective stop is, but it has nothing to
do with your stop. It will only test that price if one or more institutions believe that it
is ﬁnancially sound to sell there and other institutions believe that it is proﬁtable to
buy there. At every tick, there are institutions buying and other institutions selling,
and all have proven systems that will make money by placing those trades. You
should always be trading in the direction of the majority of institutional dollars
because they control where the market is heading.
At the end of the day when you look at a printout of the day’s chart, how can
you tell what the institutions did during the day? The answer is simple: whenever
the market went up, the bulk of institutional money was buying, and whenever the
market went down, more money went into selling. Just look at any segment of the
chart where the market went up or down and study every bar, and you will soon
notice many repeatable patterns. With time, you will begin to see those patterns
unfold in real time, and that will give you conﬁdence to place your trades. Some of
the price action is subtle, so be open to every possibility. For example, sometimes
when the market is working higher, a bar will trade below the low of the prior bar,
yet the trend continues higher. You have to assume that the big money was buying
at and below the low of that prior bar, and that is also what many experienced
traders were doing. They bought exactly where weak traders let themselves get
stopped out with a loss or where other weak traders shorted, believing that the

INTRODUCTION
3
market was beginning to sell off. Once you get comfortable with the idea that strong
trends often have pullbacks and big money is buying them rather than selling them,
you will be in a position to make some great trades that you previously thought
were exactly the wrong thing to do. Don’t think too hard about it. If the market is
going up, institutions are buying constantly, even at times when you think that you
should stop yourself out of your long with a loss. Your job is to follow their behavior
and not use too much logic to deny what is happening right in front of you. It does
not matter if it seems counterintuitive. All that matters is that the market is going
up and therefore institutions are predominantly buying and so should you.
Institutions are generally considered to be smart money, meaning that they
are smart enough to make a living by trading and they trade a large volume ev-
ery day. Television still uses the term institution to refer to traditional institutions
like mutual funds, banks, brokerage houses, insurance companies, pension funds,
and hedge funds; these companies used to account for most of the volume, and
they mostly trade on fundamentals. Their trading controls the direction of the mar-
ket on daily and weekly charts and a lot of the big intraday swings. Until a decade
or so ago, most of the trade decisions were made and most trading was done by
very smart traders, but it is now increasingly being done by computers. They have
programs that can instantly analyze economic data and immediately place trades
based on that analysis, without a person ever being involved in the trade. In addi-
tion, other ﬁrms trade huge volumes by using computer programs that place trades
based on the statistical analysis of price action. Computer-generated trading now
accounts for as much as 70 percent of the day’s volume.
Computers are very good at making decisions, and playing chess and winning at
Jeopardy! are more difﬁcult than trading stocks. Gary Kasparov for years made the
best chess decisions in the world, yet a computer made better decisions in 1997 and
beat him. Ken Jennings was heralded as the greatest Jeopardy! player of all time,
yet a computer destroyed him in 2011. It is only a matter of time before computers
are widely accepted as the best decision makers for institutional trading.
Since programs use objective mathematical analysis, there should be a ten-
dency for support and resistance areas to become more clearly deﬁned. For ex-
ample, measured move projections should become more precise as more of the
volume is traded based on precise mathematical logic. Also, there might be a ten-
dency toward more protracted tight channels as programs buy small pullbacks on
the daily chart. However, if enough programs exit longs or go short at the same
key levels, sell-offs might become larger and faster. Will the changes be dramatic?
Probably not, since the same general forces were operating when everything was
done manually, but nonetheless there should be some move toward mathematical
perfection as more of the emotion is removed from trading. As these other ﬁrms
contribute more and more to the movement of the market and as traditional in-
stitutions increasingly use computers to analyze and place their trades, the term

4
INTRODUCTION
institution is becoming vague. It is better for an individual trader to think of an
institution as any of the different entities that trade enough volume to be a signiﬁ-
cant contributor to the price action.
Since these buy and sell programs generate most of the volume, they are the
most important contributor to the appearance of every chart and they create most
of the trading opportunities for individual investors. Yes, it’s nice to know that
Cisco Systems (CSCO) had a strong earnings report and is moving up, and if you
are an investor who wants to hold stock for many months, then do what the tra-
ditional institutions are doing and buy CSCO. However, if you are a day trader,
ignore the news and look at the chart, because the programs will create patterns
that are purely statistically based and have nothing to do with fundamentals, yet of-
fer great trading opportunities. The traditional institutions placing trades based on
fundamentals determine the direction and the approximate target of a stock over
the next several months, but, increasingly, ﬁrms using statistical analysis to make
day trades and other short-term trades determine the path to that target and the
ultimate high or low of the move. Even on a macro level, fundamentals are only
approximate at best. Look at the crashes in 1987 and 2009. Both had violent sell-
offs and rallies, yet the fundamentals did not change violently in the same short
period of time. In both cases, the market got sucked slightly below the monthly
trend line and reversed sharply up from it. The market fell because of perceived
fundamentals, but the extent of the fall was determined by the charts.
There are some large patterns that repeat over and over on all time frames and
in all markets, like trends, trading ranges, climaxes, and channels. There are also
lots of smaller tradable patterns that are based on just the most recent few bars.
These books are a comprehensive guide to help traders understand everything they
see on a chart, giving them more opportunities to make proﬁtable trades and to
avoid losers.
The most important message that I can deliver is to focus on the absolute best
trades, avoid the absolute worst setups, use a proﬁt objective (reward) that is at
least as large as your protective stop (risk), and work on increasing the number of
shares that you are trading. I freely recognize that every one of my reasons behind
each setup is just my opinion, and my reasoning about why a trade works might
be completely wrong. However, that is irrelevant. What is important is that reading
price action is a very effective way to trade, and I have thought a lot about why
certain things happen the way they do. I am comfortable with my explanations and
they give me conﬁdence when I place a trade; however, they are irrelevant to my
placing trades, so it is not important to me that they are right. Just as I can reverse
my opinion about the direction of the market in an instant, I can also reverse my
opinion about why a particular pattern works if I come across a reason that is more
logical or if I discover a ﬂaw in my logic. I am providing the opinions because they
appear to make sense, they might help readers become more comfortable trading

INTRODUCTION
5
certain setups, and they might be intellectually stimulating, but they are not needed
for any price action trades.
The books are very detailed and difﬁcult to read and are directed toward se-
rious traders who want to learn as much as they can about reading price charts.
However, the concepts are useful to traders at all levels. The books cover many of
the standard techniques described by Robert D. Edwards and John Magee (Tech-
nical Analysis of Stock Trends, AMACOM, 9th ed., 2007) and others, but focus
more on individual bars to demonstrate how the information they provide can sig-
niﬁcantly enhance the risk/reward ratio of trading. Most books point out three or
four trades on a chart, which implies that everything else on the chart is incom-
prehensible, meaningless, or risky. I believe that there is something to be learned
from every tick that takes place during the day and that there are far more great
trades on every chart than just the few obvious ones; but to see them, you have to
understand price action and you cannot dismiss any bars as unimportant. I learned
from performing thousands of operations through a microscope that some of the
most important things can be very small.
I read charts bar by bar and look for any information that each bar is telling me.
They are all important. At the end of every bar, most traders ask themselves, “What
just took place?” With most bars, they conclude that there is nothing worth trading
at the moment so it is just not worth the effort to try to understand. Instead, they
choose to wait for some clearer and usually larger pattern. It is as if they believe
that the bar did not exist, or they dismiss it as just institutional program activ-
ity that is not tradable by an individual trader. They do not feel like they are part
of the market at these times, but these times constitute the vast majority of the day.
Yet, if they look at the volume, all of those bars that they are ignoring have as much
volume as the bars they are using for the bases for their trades. Clearly, a lot of
trading is taking place, but they don’t understand how that can be and essentially
pretend that it does not exist. But that is denying reality. There is always trading
taking place, and as a trader, you owe it to yourself to understand why it’s taking
place and to ﬁgure out a way to make money off of it. Learning what the market is
telling you is very time-consuming and difﬁcult, but it gives you the foundation that
you need to be a successful trader.
Unlike most books on candle charts where the majority of readers feel com-
pelled to memorize patterns, these three books of mine provide a rationale for why
particular patterns are reliable setups for traders. Some of the terms used have
speciﬁc meaning to market technicians but different meanings to traders, and I am
writing this entirely from a trader’s perspective. I am certain that many traders
already understand everything in these books, but likely wouldn’t describe price
action in the same way that I do. There are no secrets among successful traders;
they all know common setups, and many have their own names for each one. All
of them are buying and selling pretty much at the same time, catching the same

6
INTRODUCTION
swings, and they all have their own reasons for getting into a trade. Many trade
price action intuitively without ever feeling a need to articulate why a certain setup
works. I hope that they enjoy reading my understanding of and perspective on
price action and that this gives them some insights that will improve their already
successful trading.
The goal for most traders is to maximize trading proﬁts through a style that is
compatible with their personalities. Without that compatibility, I believe that it is
virtually impossible to trade proﬁtably for the long term. Many traders wonder how
long it will take them to be successful and are willing to lose money for some pe-
riod of time, even a few years. However, it took me over 10 years to be able to trade
successfully. Each of us has many considerations and distractions, so the time will
vary, but a trader has to work though most obstacles before becoming consistently
proﬁtable. I had several major problems that had to be corrected, including raising
three wonderful daughters who always ﬁlled my mind with thoughts of them and
what I needed to be doing as their father. That was solved as they got older and
more independent. Then it took me a long time to accept many personality traits as
real and unchangeable (or at least I concluded that I was unwilling to change them).
And ﬁnally there was the issue of conﬁdence. I have always been conﬁdent to the
point of arrogance in so many things that those who know me would be surprised
that this was difﬁcult for me. However, deep inside I believed that I really would
never come up with a consistently proﬁtable approach that I would enjoy employ-
ing for many years. Instead, I bought many systems, wrote and tested countless
indicators and systems, read many books and magazines, went to seminars, hired
tutors, and joined chat rooms. I talked with people who presented themselves as
successful traders, but I never saw their account statements and suspect that most
could teach but few, if any, could trade. Usually in trading, those who know don’t
talk and those who talk don’t know.
This was all extremely helpful because it showed all of the things that I needed
to avoid before becoming successful. Any nontrader who looks at a chart will in-
variably conclude that trading has to be extremely easy, and that is part of the
appeal. At the end of the day, anyone can look at any chart and see very clear entry
and exit points. However, it is much more difﬁcult to do it in real time. There is a
natural tendency to want to buy the exact low and never have the trade come back.
If it does, a novice will take the loss to avoid a bigger loss, resulting in a series of
losing trades that will ultimately bust the trader’s account. Using wide stops solves
that to some extent, but invariably traders will soon hit a few big losses that will
put them into the red and make them too scared to continue using that approach.
Should you be concerned that making the information in these books avail-
able will create lots of great price action traders, all doing the same thing at the
same time, thereby removing the late entrants needed to drive the market to your
price target? No, because the institutions control the market and they already have

INTRODUCTION
7
the smartest traders in the world and those traders already know everything in
these books, at least intuitively. At every moment, there is an extremely smart in-
stitutional bull taking the opposite side of the trade being placed by an extremely
smart institutional bear. Since the most important players already know price ac-
tion, having more players know it will not tip the balance one way or the other. I
therefore have no concern that what I am writing will stop price action from work-
ing. Because of that balance, any edge that anyone has is always going to be ex-
tremely small, and any small mistake will result in a loss, no matter how well a
person reads a chart. Although it is very difﬁcult to make money as a trader with-
out understanding price action, that knowledge alone is not enough. It takes a long
time to learn how to trade after a trader learns to read charts, and trading is just
as difﬁcult as chart reading. I wrote these books to help people learn to read charts
better and to trade better, and if you can do both well, you deserve to be able to
take money from the accounts of others and put it into yours.
The reason why the patterns that we all see do unfold as they do is because
that is the appearance that occurs in an efﬁcient market with countless traders
placing orders for thousands of different reasons, but with the controlling volume
being traded based on sound logic. That is just what it looks like, and it has been
that way forever. The same patterns unfold in all time frames in all markets around
the world, and it would simply be impossible for all of it to be manipulated instan-
taneously on so many different levels. Price action is a manifestation of human
behavior and therefore actually has a genetic basis. Until we evolve, it will likely
remain largely unchanged, just as it has been unchanged for the 80 years of charts
that I have reviewed. Program trading might have changed the appearance slightly,
although I can ﬁnd no evidence to support that theory. If anything, it would make
the charts smoother because it is unemotional and it has greatly increased the vol-
ume. Now that most of the volume is being traded automatically by computers and
the volume is so huge, irrational and emotional behavior is an insigniﬁcant compo-
nent of the markets and the charts are a purer expression of human tendencies.
Since price action comes from our DNA, it will not change until we evolve.
When you look at the two charts in Figure I.1, your ﬁrst reaction is that they are
just a couple of ordinary charts, but look at the dates at the bottom. These weekly
Dow Jones Industrial Average charts from the Depression era and from World War
II have the same patterns that we see today on all charts, despite most of today’s
volume being traded by computers.
If everyone suddenly became a price action scalper, the smaller patterns might
change a little for a while, but over time, the efﬁcient market will win out and the
votes by all traders will get distilled into standard price action patterns because
that is the inescapable result of countless people behaving logically. Also, the re-
ality is that it is very difﬁcult to trade well, and although basing trades on price
action is a sound approach, it is still very difﬁcult to do successfully in real time.

8
INTRODUCTION
FIGURE I.1
Price Action Has Not Changed over Time
There just won’t be enough traders doing it well enough, all at the same time, to
have any signiﬁcant inﬂuence over time on the patterns. Just look at Edwards and
Magee. The best traders in the world have been using those ideas for decades and
they continue to work, again for the same reason—charts look the way they do be-
cause that is the unchangeable ﬁngerprint of an efﬁcient market ﬁlled with a huge
number of smart people using a huge number of approaches and time frames, all
trying to make the most money that they can. For example, Tiger Woods is not hid-
ing anything that he does in golf, and anyone is free to copy him. However, very few
people can play golf well enough to make a living at it. The same is true of trading.
A trader can know just about everything there is to know and still lose money be-
cause applying all that knowledge in a way that consistently makes money is very
difﬁcult to do.
Why do so many business schools continue to recommend Edwards and Magee
when their book is essentially simplistic, largely using trend lines, breakouts, and
pullbacks as the basis for trading? It is because it works and it always has and it
always will. Now that just about all traders have computers with access to intraday
data, many of those techniques can be adapted to day trading. Also, candle charts
give additional information about who is controlling the market, which results in a
more timely entry with smaller risk. Edwards and Magee’s focus is on the overall

INTRODUCTION
9
trend. I use those same basic techniques but pay much closer attention to the indi-
vidual bars on the chart to improve the risk/reward ratio, and I devote considerable
attention to intraday charts.
It seemed obvious to me that if one could simply read the charts well enough
to be able to enter at the exact times when the move would take off and not come
back, then that trader would have a huge advantage. The trader would have a high
winning percentage, and the few losses would be small. I decided that this would
be my starting point, and what I discovered was that nothing had to be added. In
fact, any additions are distractions that result in lower proﬁtability. This sounds so
obvious and easy that it is difﬁcult for most people to believe.
I am a day trader who relies entirely on price action on the intraday Emini S&P
500 Futures charts, and I believe that reading price action well is an invaluable skill
for all traders. Beginners often instead have a deep-seated belief that something
more is required, that maybe some complex mathematical formula that very few
use would give them just the edge that they need. Goldman Sachs is so rich and
sophisticated that its traders must have a supercomputer and high-powered soft-
ware that gives them an advantage that ensures that all the individual traders are
doomed to failure. They start looking at all kinds of indicators and playing with the
inputs to customize the indicators to make them just right. Every indicator works
some of the time, but for me, they obfuscate instead of elucidate. In fact, without
even looking at a chart, you can place a buy order and have a 50 percent chance of
being right!
I am not dismissing indicators and systems out of ignorance of their subtleties.
I have spent over 10,000 hours writing and testing indicators and systems over the
years, and that probably is far more experience than most have. This extensive ex-
perience with indicators and systems was an essential part of my becoming a suc-
cessful trader. Indicators work well for many traders, but the best success comes
once a trader ﬁnds an approach that is compatible with his or her personality. My
single biggest problem with indicators and systems was that I never fully trusted
them. At every setup, I saw exceptions that needed to be tested. I always wanted
every last penny out of the market and was never satisﬁed with a return from a sys-
tem if I could incorporate a new twist that would make it better. You can optimize
constantly, but, since the market is always changing from strong trends to tight
trading ranges and then back again and your optimizations are based on what has
recently happened, they will soon fail as the market transitions into a new phase. I
am simply too controlling, compulsive, restless, observant, and untrusting to make
money in the long term off indicators or automated systems, but I am at the extreme
in many ways and most people don’t have these same issues.
Many traders, especially beginners, are drawn to indicators (or any other higher
power, guru, TV pundit, or newsletter that they want to believe will protect them
and show their love and approval of them as human beings by giving them lots

10
INTRODUCTION
of money), hoping that an indicator will show them when to enter a trade. What
they don’t realize is that the vast majority of indicators are based on simple price
action, and when I am placing trades, I simply cannot think fast enough to process
what several indicators might be telling me. If there is a bull trend, a pullback, and
then a rally to a new high, but the rally has lots of overlapping bars, many bear
bodies, a couple of small pullbacks, and prominent tails on the tops of the bars,
any experienced trader would see that it is a weak test of the trend high and that
this should not be happening if the bull trend was still strong. The market is almost
certainly transitioning into a trading range and possibly into a bear trend. Traders
don’t need an oscillator to tell them this. Also, oscillators tend to make traders
look for reversals and focus less on price charts. These can be effective tools on
most days when the market has two or three reversals lasting an hour or more.
The problem comes when the market is trending strongly. If you focus too much
on your indicators, you will see that they are forming divergences all day long and
you might ﬁnd yourself repeatedly entering countertrend and losing money. By the
time you come to accept that the market is trending, you will not have enough time
left in the day to recoup your losses. Instead, if you were simply looking at a bar or
candle chart, you would see that the market is clearly trending and you would not
be tempted by indicators to look for trend reversals. The most common successful
reversals ﬁrst break a trend line with strong momentum and then pull back to test
the extreme, and if traders focus too much on divergences, they will often overlook
this fundamental fact. Placing a trade because of a divergence in the absence of a
prior countertrend momentum surge that breaks a trend line is a losing strategy.
Wait for the trend line break and then see if the test of the old extreme reverses
or if the old trend resumes. You do not need an indicator to tell you that a strong
reversal here is a high-probability trade, at least for a scalp, and there will almost
certainly be a divergence, so why complicate your thinking by adding the indicator
to your calculus?
Some pundits recommend a combination of time frames, indicators, wave
counting, and Fibonacci retracements and extensions, but when it comes time to
place the trade, they will do it only if there is a good price action setup. Also, when
they see a good price action setup, they start looking for indicators that show diver-
gences, different time frames for moving average tests, wave counts, or Fibonacci
setups to conﬁrm what is in front of them. In reality, they are price action traders
who are trading exclusively off price action on only one chart but don’t feel com-
fortable admitting it. They are complicating their trading to the point that they cer-
tainly are missing many, many trades because their overanalysis takes too much
time for them to place their orders and they are forced to wait for the next setup.
The logic just isn’t there for making the simple so complicated. Obviously, adding
any information can lead to better decision making and many people might be able
to process lots of inputs when deciding whether to place a trade. Ignoring data

INTRODUCTION
11
because of a simplistic ideology alone is foolish. The goal is to make money, and
traders should do everything they can to maximize their proﬁts. I simply cannot
process multiple indicators and time frames well in the time needed to place my or-
ders accurately, and I ﬁnd that carefully reading a single chart is far more proﬁtable
for me. Also, if I rely on indicators, I ﬁnd that I get lazy in my price action reading
and often miss the obvious. Price action is far more important than any other infor-
mation, and if you sacriﬁce some of what it is telling you to gain information from
something else, you are likely making a bad decision.
One of the most frustrating things for traders when they are starting out is that
everything is so subjective. They want to ﬁnd a clear set of rules that guarantee a
proﬁt, and they hate how a pattern works on one day but fails on another. Markets
are very efﬁcient because you have countless very smart people playing a zero-sum
game. For a trader to make money, he has to be consistently better than about half
of the other traders out there. Since most of the competitors are proﬁtable institu-
tions, a trader has to be very good. Whenever an edge exists, it is quickly discovered
and it disappears. Remember, someone has to be taking the opposite side of your
trade. It won’t take them long to ﬁgure out your magical system, and once they do,
they will stop giving you money. Part of the appeal of trading is that it is a zero-
sum game with very small edges, and it is intellectually satisfying and ﬁnancially
rewarding to be able to spot and capitalize on these small, ﬂeeting opportunities. It
can be done, but it is very hard work and it requires relentless discipline. Discipline
simply means doing what you do not want to do. We are all intellectually curious
and we have a natural tendency to try new or different things, but the very best
traders resist the temptation. You have to stick to your rules and avoid emotion,
and you have to patiently wait to take only the best trades. This all appears easy to
do when you look at a printed chart at the end of the day, but it is very difﬁcult in
real time as you wait bar by bar, and sometimes hour by hour. Once a great setup
appears, if you are distracted or lulled into complacency, you will miss it and you
will then be forced to wait even longer. But if you can develop the patience and the
discipline to follow a sound system, the proﬁt potential is huge.
There are countless ways to make money trading stocks and Eminis, but all re-
quire movement (well, except for shorting options). If you learn to read the charts,
you will catch a great number of these proﬁtable trades every day without ever
knowing why some institution started the trend and without ever knowing what
any indicator is showing. You don’t need these institutions’ software or analysts
because they will show you what they are doing. All you have to do is piggyback
onto their trades and you will make a proﬁt. Price action will tell you what they are
doing and allow you an early entry with a tight stop.
I have found that I consistently make far more money by minimizing what I
have to consider when placing a trade. All I need is a single chart on my laptop
computer with no indicators except a 20-bar exponential moving average (EMA),

12
INTRODUCTION
which does not require too much analysis and clariﬁes many good setups each day.
Some traders might also look at volume because an unusually large volume spike
sometimes comes near the end of a bear trend, and the next new swing low or two
often provide proﬁtable long scalps. Volume spikes also sometimes occur on daily
charts when a sell-off is overdone. However, it is not reliable enough to warrant
my attention.
Many traders consider price action only when trading divergences and trend
pullbacks. In fact, most traders using indicators won’t take a trade unless there is
a strong signal bar, and many would enter on a strong signal bar if the context was
right, even if there was no divergence. They like to see a strong close on a large
reversal bar, but in reality this is a fairly rare occurrence. The most useful tools
for understanding price action are trend lines and trend channel lines, prior highs
and lows, breakouts and failed breakouts, the sizes of bodies and tails on candles,
and relationships between the current bar to the prior several bars. In particular,
how the open, high, low, and close of the current bar compare to the action of
the prior several bars tells a lot about what will happen next. Charts provide far
more information about who is in control of the market than most traders realize.
Almost every bar offers important clues as to where the market is going, and a
trader who dismisses any activity as noise is passing up many proﬁtable trades
each day. Most of the observations in these books are directly related to placing
trades, but a few have to do with simple curious price action tendencies without
sufﬁcient dependability to be the basis for a trade.
I personally rely mainly on candle charts for my Emini, futures, and stock trad-
ing, but most signals are also visible on any type of chart and many are even evident
on simple line charts. I focus primarily on 5 minute candle charts to illustrate ba-
sic principles but also discuss daily and weekly charts as well. Since I also trade
stocks, forex, Treasury note futures, and options, I discuss how price action can be
used as the basis for this type of trading.
As a trader, I see everything in shades of gray and am constantly thinking in
terms of probabilities. If a pattern is setting up and is not perfect but is reasonably
similar to a reliable setup, it will likely behave similarly as well. Close is usually
close enough. If something resembles a textbook setup, the trade will likely unfold
in a way that is similar to the trade from the textbook setup. This is the art of
trading and it takes years to become good at trading in the gray zone. Everyone
wants concrete, clear rules or indicators, and chat rooms, newsletters, hotlines,
or tutors that will tell them when exactly to get in to minimize risk and maximize
proﬁt, but none of it works in the long run. You have to take responsibility for your
decisions, but you ﬁrst have to learn how to make them and that means that you
have to get used to operating in the gray fog. Nothing is ever as clear as black and
white, and I have been doing this long enough to appreciate that anything, no matter
how unlikely, can and will happen. It’s like quantum physics. Every conceivable

INTRODUCTION
13
event has a probability, and so do events that you have yet to consider. It is not
emotional, and the reasons why something happens are irrelevant. Watching to see
if the Federal Reserve cuts rates today is a waste of time because there is both a
bullish and bearish interpretation of anything that the Fed does. What is key is to
see what the market does, not what the Fed does.
If you think about it, trading is a zero-sum game and it is impossible to have a
zero-sum game where rules consistently work. If they worked, everyone would use
them and then there would be no one on the other side of the trade. Therefore, the
trade could not exist. Guidelines are very helpful but reliable rules cannot exist,
and this is usually very troubling to a trader starting out who wants to believe that
trading is a game that can be very proﬁtable if only you can come up with just the
right set of rules. All rules work some of the time, and usually just often enough
to fool you into believing that you just need to tweak them a little to get them to
work all of the time. You are trying to create a trading god who will protect you,
but you are fooling yourself and looking for an easy solution to a game where only
hard solutions work. You are competing against the smartest people in the world,
and if you are smart enough to come up with a foolproof rule set, so are they, and
then everyone is faced with the zero-sum game dilemma. You cannot make money
trading unless you are ﬂexible, because you need to go where the market is going,
and the market is extremely ﬂexible. It can bend in every direction and for much
longer than most would ever imagine. It can also reverse repeatedly every few bars
for a long, long time. Finally, it can and will do everything in between. Never get
upset by this, and just accept it as reality and admire it as part of the beauty of
the game.
The market gravitates toward uncertainty. During most of the day, every mar-
ket has a directional probability of 50–50 of an equidistant move up or down. By
that I mean that if you don’t even look at a chart and you buy any stock and then
place a one cancels the other (OCO) order to exit on a proﬁt-taking limit order X
cents above your entry or on a protective stop at X cents below your entry, you
have about a 50 percent chance of being right. Likewise, if you sell any stock at any
point in the day without looking at a chart and then place a proﬁt-taking limit order
X cents lower and a protective stop X cents higher, you have about a 50 percent
chance of winning and about a 50 percent chance of losing. There is the obvious
exception of X being too large relative the price of the stock. You can’t have X be
$60 in a $50 stock, because you would have a 0 percent chance of losing $60. You
also can’t have X be $49, because the odds of losing $49 would also be minuscule.
But if you pick a value for X that is within reasonable reach on your time frame, this
is generally true. When the market is 50–50, it is uncertain and you cannot rationally
have an opinion about its direction. This is the hallmark of a trading range, so when-
ever you are uncertain, assume that the market is in a trading range. There are brief
times on a chart when the directional probability is higher. During a strong trend,

14
INTRODUCTION
it might be 60 or even 70 percent, but that cannot last long because it will gravitate
toward uncertainty and a 50–50 market where both the bulls and bears feel there is
value. When there is a trend and some level of directional certainty, the market will
also gravitate toward areas of support and resistance, which are usually some type
of measured move away, and those areas are invariably where uncertainty returns
and a trading range develops, at least brieﬂy.
Never watch the news during the trading day. If you want to know what a news
event means, the chart in front of you will tell you. Reporters believe that the news
is the most important thing in the world, and that everything that happens has to
be caused by their biggest news story of the day. Since reporters are in the news
business, news must be the center of the universe and the cause of everything that
happens in the ﬁnancial markets. When the stock market sold off in mid-March
2011, they attributed it to the earthquake in Japan. It did not matter to them that the
market began to sell off three weeks earlier, after a buy climax. I told the members
of my chat room in late February that the odds were good that the market was
going to have a signiﬁcant correction when I saw 15 consecutive bull trend bars on
the daily chart after a protracted bull run. This was an unusually strong buy climax,
and an important statement by the market. I had no idea that an earthquake was
going to happen in a few weeks, and did not need to know that, anyway. The chart
was telling me what traders were doing; they were getting ready to exit their longs
and initiate shorts.
Television experts are also useless. Invariably when the market makes a huge
move, the reporter will ﬁnd some conﬁdent, convincing expert who predicted it
and interview him or her, leading the viewers to believe that this pundit has an un-
canny ability to predict the market, despite the untold reality that this same pundit
has been wrong in his last 10 predictions. The pundit then makes some future pre-
diction and na¨ıve viewers will attach signiﬁcance to it and let it affect their trading.
What the viewers may not realize is that some pundits are bullish 100 percent of the
time and others are bearish 100 percent of the time, and still others just swing for
the fences all the time and make outrageous predictions. The reporter just rushes
to the one who is consistent with the day’s news, which is totally useless to traders
and in fact it is destructive because it can inﬂuence their trading and make them
question and deviate from their own methods. No one is ever consistently right
more than 60 percent of the time on these major predictions, and just because pun-
dits are convincing does not make them reliable. There are equally smart and con-
vincing people who believe the opposite but are not being heard. This is the same
as watching a trial and listening to only the defense side of the argument. Hearing
only one side is always convincing and always misleading, and rarely better than 50
percent reliable.
Institutional bulls and bears are placing trades all the time, and that is why
there is constant uncertainty about the direction of the market. Even in the

INTRODUCTION
15
absence of breaking news, the business channels air interviews all day long and
each reporter gets to pick one pundit for her report. What you have to realize is
that she has a 50–50 chance of picking the right one in terms of the market’s direc-
tion over the next hour or so. If you decide to rely on the pundit to make a trading
decision and he says that the market will sell off after midday and instead it just
keeps going up, are you going to look to short? Should you believe this very con-
vincing head trader at one of Wall Street’s top ﬁrms? He obviously is making over
a million dollars a year and they would not pay him that much unless he was able
to correctly and consistently predict the market’s direction. In fact, he probably
can and he is probably a good stock picker, but he almost certainly is not a day
trader. It is foolish to believe that just because he can make 15 percent annually
managing money he can correctly predict the market’s direction over the next hour
or two. Do the math. If he had that ability, he would be making 1 percent two or
three times a day and maybe 1,000 percent a year. Since he is not, you know that
he does not have that ability. His time frame is months and yours is minutes. Since
he is unable to make money by day trading, why would you ever want to make a
trade based on someone who is a proven failure as a day trader? He has shown
you that he cannot make money by day trading by the simple fact that he is not
a successful day trader. That immediately tells you that if he day trades, he loses
money because if he was successful at it, that is what he would choose to do and he
would make far more than he is currently making. Even if you are holding trades
for months at a time in an attempt to duplicate the results of his fund, it is still
foolish to take his advice, because he might change his mind next week and you
would never know it. Managing a trade once you are in is just as important as plac-
ing the trade. If you are following the pundit and hope to make 15 percent a year
like he does, you need to follow his management, but you have no ability to do so
and you will lose over time employing this strategy. Yes, you will make an occa-
sional great trade, but you can simply do that by randomly buying any stock. The
key is whether the approach makes money over 100 trades, not over the ﬁrst one
or two. Follow the advice that you give your kids: don’t fool yourself into believing
that what you see on television is real, no matter how polished and convincing it
appears to be.
As I said, there will be pundits who will see the news as bullish and others who
will see it as bearish, and the reporter gets to pick one for her report. Are you going
to let a reporter make trading decisions for you? That’s insane! If that reporter could
trade, she would be a trader and make hundreds of times more money than she
is making as a reporter. Why would you ever allow her to inﬂuence your decision
making? You might do so only out of a lack of conﬁdence in your ability, or perhaps
you are searching for a father ﬁgure who will love and protect you. If you are prone
to be inﬂuenced by a reporter’s decision, you should not take the trade. The pundit
she chooses is not your father, and he will not protect you or your money. Even if

16
INTRODUCTION
the reporter picks a pundit who is correct on the direction, that pundit will not stay
with you to manage your trade, and you will likely be stopped out with a loss on
a pullback.
Financial news stations do not exist to provide public service. They are in busi-
ness to make money, and that means they need as large an audience as possible to
maximize their advertising income. Yes, they want to be accurate in their report-
ing, but their primary objective is to make money. They are fully aware that they
can maximize their audience size only if they are pleasing to watch. That means that
they have to have interesting guests, including some who will make outrageous pre-
dictions, others who are professorial and reassuring, and some who are just phys-
ically attractive; most of them have to have some entertainment value. Although
some guests are great traders, they cannot help you. For example, if they interview
one of the world’s most successful bond traders, he will usually only speak in gen-
eral terms about the trend over the next several months, and he will do so only
weeks after he has already placed his trades. If you are a day trader, this does not
help you, because every bull or bear market on the monthly chart has just about as
many up moves on the intraday chart as down moves, and there will be long and
short trades every day. His time frame is very different from yours, and his trading
has nothing to do with what you are doing. They will also often interview a chartist
from a major Wall Street ﬁrm, who, while his credentials are good, will be basing
his opinion on a weekly chart, but the viewers are looking to take proﬁts within a
few days. To the chartist, that bull trend that he is recommending buying will still
be intact, even if the market falls 10 percent over the next couple of months. The
viewers, however, will take their losses long before that, and will never beneﬁt from
the new high that comes three months later. Unless the chartist is addressing your
speciﬁc goals and time frame, whatever he says is useless. When television inter-
views a day trader instead, he will talk about the trades that he already took, and
the information is too late to help you make money. By the time he is on television,
the market might already be going in the opposite direction. If he is talking while
still in his day trade, he will continue to manage his trade long after his two-minute
interview is over, and he will not manage it while on the air. Even if you enter
the trade that he is in, he will not be there when you invariably will have to make
an important decision about getting out as the market turns against you, or as the
market goes in your direction and you are thinking about taking proﬁts. Watching
television for trading advice under any circumstances, even after a very important
report, is a sure way to lose money and you should never do it.
Only look at the chart and it will tell you what you need to know. The chart
is what will give you money or take money from you, so it is the only thing that
you should ever consider when trading. If you are on the ﬂoor, you can’t even trust
what your best friend is doing. He might be offering a lot of orange juice calls but

INTRODUCTION
17
secretly having a broker looking to buy 10 times as many below the market. Your
friend is just trying to create a panic to drive the market down so he can load up
through a surrogate at a much better price.
Friends and colleagues freely offer opinions for you to ignore. Occasionally
traders will tell me that they have a great setup and want to discuss it with me. I
invariably get them angry with me when I tell them that I am not interested. They
immediately perceive me as selﬁsh, stubborn, and close-minded, and when it comes
to trading, I am all of that and probably much more. The skills that make you money
are generally seen as ﬂaws to the layperson. Why do I no longer read books or ar-
ticles about trading, or talk to other traders about their ideas? As I said, the chart
tells me all that I need to know and any other information is a distraction. Several
people have been offended by my attitude, but I think in part it comes from me
turning down what they are presenting as something helpful to me when in reality
they are making an offering, hoping that I will reciprocate with some tutoring. They
become frustrated and angry when I tell them that I don’t want to hear about any-
one else’s trading techniques. I tell them that I haven’t even mastered my own and
probably never will, but I am conﬁdent that I will make far more money perfecting
what I already know than trying to incorporate non-price-action approaches into
my trading. I ask them if James Galway offered a beautiful ﬂute to Yo-Yo Ma and
insisted that Ma start learning to play the ﬂute because Galway makes so much
money by playing his ﬂute, should Ma accept the offer? Clearly not. Ma should con-
tinue to play the cello and by doing so he will make far more money than if he
also started playing the ﬂute. I am no Galway or Ma, but the concept is the same.
Price action is the only instrument that I want to play, and I strongly believe that I
will make far more money by mastering it than by incorporating ideas from other
successful traders.
The charts, not the experts on television, will tell you exactly how the institu-
tions are interpreting the news.
Yesterday, Costco’s earnings were up 32 percent on the quarter and above an-
alysts’ expectations (see Figure I.2). COST gapped up on the open, tested the gap
on the ﬁrst bar, and then ran up over a dollar in 20 minutes. It then drifted down to
test yesterday’s close. It had two rallies that broke bear trend lines, and both failed.
This created a double top (bars 2 and 3) bear ﬂag or triple top (bars 1, 2, and 3), and
the market then plunged $3, below the prior day’s low. If you were unaware of the
report, you would have shorted at the failed bear trend line breaks at bars 2 and 3
and you would have sold more below bar 4, which was a pullback that followed the
breakout below yesterday’s low. You would have reversed to long on the bar 5 big
reversal bar, which was the second attempt to reverse the breakout below yester-
day’s low and a climactic reversal of the breakout of the bottom of the steep bear
trend channel line.

18
INTRODUCTION
FIGURE I.2
Ignore the News
Alternatively, you could have bought the open because of the bullish report,
and then worried about why the stock was collapsing instead of soaring the way
the TV analysts predicted, and you likely would have sold out your long on the
second plunge down to bar 5 with a $2 loss.
Any trend that covers a lot of points in very few bars, meaning that there is
some combination of large bars and bars that overlap each other only minimally,
will eventually have a pullback. These trends have such strong momentum that
the odds favor resumption of the trend after the pullback and then a test of the
trend’s extreme. Usually the extreme will be exceeded, as long as the pullback does
not turn into a new trend in the opposite direction and extend beyond the start of
the original trend. In general, the odds that a pullback will get back to the prior
trend’s extreme fall substantially if the pullback retraces 75 percent or more. For a
pullback in a bear trend, at that point, a trader is better off thinking of the pullback
as a new bull trend rather than a pullback in an old bear trend. Bar 6 was about a
70 percent pullback and then the market tested the climactic bear low on the open
of the next day.
Just because the market gaps up on a news item does not mean that it will
continue up, despite how bullish the news is.
As shown in Figure I.3, before the open of bar 1 on both Yahoo! (YHOO)
charts (daily on the left, weekly on the right), the news reported that Microsoft was

INTRODUCTION
19
FIGURE I.3
Markets Can Fall on Bullish News
looking to take over Yahoo! at $31 a share, and the market gapped up almost to
that price. Many traders assumed that it had to be a done deal because Microsoft is
one of the best companies in the world and if it wanted to buy Yahoo!, it certainly
could make it happen. Not only that—Microsoft has so much cash that it would
likely be willing to sweeten the deal if needed. Well, the CEO of Yahoo! said that
his company was worth more like $40 a share, but Microsoft never countered. The
deal slowly evaporated, along with Yahoo!’s price. In October, Yahoo! was 20 per-
cent below the price where it was before the deal was announced and 50 percent
lower than on the day of the announcement, and it continues to fall. So much for
strong fundamentals and a takeover offer from a serious suitor. To a price action
trader, a huge up move in a bear market is probably just a bear ﬂag, unless the move
is followed by a series of higher lows and higher highs. It could be followed by a
bull ﬂag and then more of a rally, but until the bull trend is conﬁrmed, you must be
aware that the larger weekly trend is more important.
The only thing that is as it seems is the chart. If you cannot ﬁgure out what it is
telling you, do not trade. Wait for clarity. It will always come. But once it is there,
you must place the trade and assume the risk and follow your plan. Do not dial
down to a 1 minute chart and tighten your stop, because you will lose. The problem
with the 1 minute chart is that it tempts you by offering lots of entries with smaller
bars and therefore smaller risk. However, you will not be able to take them all

20
INTRODUCTION
and you will instead cherry-pick, which will lead to the death of your account be-
cause you will invariably pick too many bad cherries. When you enter on a 5 minute
chart, your trade is based on your analysis of the 5 minute chart without any idea
of what the 1 minute chart looks like. You must therefore rely on your ﬁve-minute
stops and targets, and just accept the reality that the 1 minute chart will move
against you and hit a one-minute stop frequently. If you watch the 1 minute chart,
you will not be devoting your full attention to the 5 minute chart and a good trader
will take your money from your account and put it into his account. If you want to
compete, you must minimize all distractions and all inputs other than what is on the
chart in front of you, and trust that if you do you will make a lot of money. It will
seem unreal but it is very real. Never question it. Just keep things simple and follow
your simple rules. It is extremely difﬁcult to consistently do something simple, but
in my opinion, it is the best way to trade. Ultimately, as a trader understands price
action better and better, trading becomes much less stressful and actually pretty
boring, but much more proﬁtable.
Although I never gamble (because the combination of odds, risk, and reward
are against me, and I never want to bet against math), there are some similari-
ties with gambling, especially in the minds of those who don’t trade. Gambling is a
game of chance, but I prefer to restrict the deﬁnition to situations where the odds
are slightly against you and you will lose over time. Why this restriction? Because
without it, every investment is a gamble since there is always an element of luck
and a risk of total loss, even if you buy investment real estate, buy a home, start a
business, buy a blue-chip stock, or even buy Treasury bonds (the government might
choose to devalue the dollar to reduce the real size of our debt, and in so doing, the
purchasing power of the dollars that you will get back from those bonds would be
much less than when you originally bought the bonds).
Some traders use simple game theory and increase the size of a trade after one
or more losing trades (this is called a martingale approach to trading). Blackjack
card counters are very similar to trading range traders. The card counters are try-
ing to determine when the math has gone too far in one direction. In particular,
they want to know when the remaining cards in the deck are likely overweighed
with face cards. When the count indicates that this is likely, they place a trade (bet)
based on the probability that a disproportionate number of face cards will be com-
ing up, increasing the odds of winning. Trading range traders are looking for times
when they think the market has gone too far in one direction and then they place a
trade in the opposite direction (a fade).
I tried playing poker online a few times without using real money to ﬁnd simi-
larities to and differences from trading. I discovered early on that there was a deal
breaker for me: I was constantly anxious because of the inherent unfairness due to
luck, and I never want luck to be a large component of the odds for my success.
This is a huge difference and makes me see gambling and trading as fundamentally

INTRODUCTION
21
different, despite public perception. In trading, everyone is dealt the same cards so
the game is always fair and, over time, you get rewarded or penalized entirely due
to your skill as a trader. Obviously, sometimes you can trade correctly and lose, and
this can happen several times in a row due to the probability curve of all possible
outcomes. There is a real but microscopic chance that you can trade well and lose
10 or even 100 times or more in a row; but I cannot remember the last time I saw
as many as four good signals fail in a row, so this is a chance that I am willing to
take. If you trade well, over time you should make money because it is a zero-sum
game (except for commissions, which should be small if you choose an appropriate
broker). If you are better than most of the other traders, you will win their money.
There are two types of gambling that are different from pure games of chance,
and both are similar to trading. In both sports betting and poker, gamblers are try-
ing to take money from other gamblers rather than from the house, and therefore
they can create odds in their favor if they are signiﬁcantly better than their competi-
tors. However, the “commissions” that they pay can be far greater than those that
a trader pays, especially with sports betting, where the vig is usually 10 percent, and
that is why incredibly successful sports gamblers like Billy Walters are so rare: they
have to be at least 10 percent better than the competition just to break even. Suc-
cessful poker players are more common, as can be seen on all of the poker shows
on TV. However, even the best poker players do not make anything comparable to
what the best traders make, because the practical limits to their trading size are
much smaller.
I personally ﬁnd trading not to be stressful, because the luck factor is so tiny
that it is not worth considering. However, there is one thing that trading and playing
poker share, and that is the value of patience. In poker, you stand to make far more
money if you patiently wait to bet on only the very best hands, and traders make
more when they have the patience to wait for the very best setups. For me, this
protracted downtime is much easier in trading because I can see all of the other
“cards” during the slow times, and it is intellectually stimulating to look for subtle
price action phenomena.
There is an important adage in gambling that is true in all endeavors, and that is
that you should not bet until you have a good hand. In trading, that is true as well.
Wait for a good setup before placing a trade. If you trade without discipline and
without a sound method, then you are relying on luck and hope for your proﬁts,
and your trading is unquestionably a form of gambling.
One unfortunate comparison is from nontraders who assume that all day
traders, and all market traders for that matter, are addicted gamblers and therefore
have a mental illness. I suspect that many are addicted, in the sense that they are do-
ing it more for excitement than for proﬁt. They are willing to make low-probability
bets and lose large sums of money because of the huge rush they feel when they
occasionally win. However, most successful traders are essentially investors, just

22
INTRODUCTION
like an investor who buys commercial real estate or a small business. The only real
differences from any other type of investing are that the time frame is shorter and
the leverage is greater.
Unfortunately, it is common for beginners to occasionally gamble, and it invari-
ably costs them money. Every successful trader trades on the basis of rules. When-
ever traders deviate from those rules for any reason, they are trading on hope rather
than logic and are then gambling. Beginning traders often ﬁnd themselves gambling
right after having a couple of losses. They are eager to be made whole again and
are willing to take some chances to make that happen. They will take trades that
they normally would not take, because they are eager to get back the money they
just lost. Since they are now taking a trade that they believe is a low-probability
trade and they are taking it because of anxiety and sadness over their losses, they
are now gambling and not trading. After they lose on their gamble, they feel even
worse. Not only are they even further down on the day, but they feel especially sad
because they are faced with the reality that they did not have the discipline to stick
to their system when they know that discipline is one of the critical ingredients
to success.
Interestingly, neuroﬁnance researchers have found that brain scan images of
traders about to make a trade are indistinguishable from those of drug addicts
about to take a hit. They found a snowball effect and an increased desire to con-
tinue, regardless of the outcome of their behavior. Unfortunately, when faced with
losses, traders assume more risk rather than less, often leading to the death of their
accounts. Without knowing the neuroscience, Warren Buffett clearly understood
the problem, as seen in his statement, “Once you have ordinary intelligence, what
you need is the temperament to control the urges that get other people into trou-
ble in investing.” The great traders control their emotions and constantly follow
their rules.
One ﬁnal point about gambling: There is a natural tendency to assume that
nothing can last forever and that every behavior regresses toward a mean. If the
market has three or four losing trades, surely the odds favor the next one be-
ing a winner. It’s just like ﬂipping a coin, isn’t it? Unfortunately, that is not how
markets behave. When a market is trending, most attempts to reverse fail. When
it is in a trading range, most attempts to break out fail. This is the opposite of
coin ﬂips, where the odds are always 50–50. In trading, the odds are more like
70 percent or better that what just happened will continue to happen again and
again. Because of the coin ﬂip logic, most traders at some point begin to consider
game theory.
Martingale techniques work well in theory but not in practice because of the
conﬂict between math and emotion. That is the martingale paradox. If you double
(or even triple) your position size and reverse at each loss, you will theoretically
make money. Although four losers in a row is uncommon on the 5 minute Emini

INTRODUCTION
23
chart if you choose your trades carefully, they will happen, and so will a dozen
or more, even though I can’t remember ever seeing that. In any case, if you are
comfortable trading 10 contracts, but start with just one and plan to double up and
reverse with each loss, four consecutive losers would require 16 contracts on your
next trade and eight consecutive losers would require 256 contracts! It is unlikely
that you would place a trade that is larger than your comfort zone following four or
more losers. Anyone willing to trade one contract initially would never be willing to
trade 16 or 256 contracts, and anyone willing to trade 256 contracts would never be
willing to initiate this strategy with just one. This is the inherent, insurmountable,
mathematical problem with this approach.
Since trading is fun and competitive, it is natural for people to compare it to
games, and because wagering is involved, gambling is usually the ﬁrst thing that
comes to mind. However, a far more apt analogy is to chess. In chess, you can
see exactly what your opponent is doing, unlike in card games where you don’t
know your opponent’s cards. Also, in poker, the cards that you are dealt are yours
purely by chance, but in chess, the location of your pieces is entirely due to your
decisions. In chess nothing is hidden and it is simply your skill compared to that of
your opponent that determines the outcome. Your ability to read what is in front of
you and determine what will likely follow is a great asset both to a chess player and
to a trader.
Laypeople are also concerned about the possibility of crashes, and because of
that risk, they again associate trading with gambling. Crashes are very rare events
on daily charts. These nontraders are afraid of their inability to function effectively
during extremely emotional events. Although the term crash is generally reserved
for daily charts and applied to bear markets of about 20 percent or more happening
in a short time frame, like in 1927 and 1987, it is more useful to think of it as just
another chart pattern because that removes the emotion and helps traders follow
their rules. If you remove the time and price axes from a chart and focus simply
on the price action, there are market movements that occur frequently on intraday
charts that are indistinguishable from the patterns in a classic crash. If you can get
past the emotion, you can make money off crashes, because with all charts, they
display tradable price action.
Figure I.4 (from TradeStation) shows how markets can crash in any time frame.
The one on the left is a daily chart of GE during the 1987 crash, the middle is a
5 minute chart of COST after a very strong earnings report, and the one on the right
is a 1 minute Emini chart. Although the term crash is used almost exclusively to
refer to a 20 percent or more sell-off over a short time on a daily chart and was
widely used only twice in the past hundred years, a price action trader looks for
shape, and the same crash pattern is common on intraday charts. Since crashes are
so common intraday, there is no need to apply the term, because from a trading
perspective they are just a bear swing with tradable price action.

24
INTRODUCTION
FIGURE I.4
Crashes Are Common
Incidentally, the concept that the same patterns appear on all time frames
means that the principles of fractal mathematics might be useful in designing trad-
ing systems. In other words, every pattern subdivides into standard price action
patterns in smaller time frame charts, and trading decisions based on price action
analysis therefore work in all time frames.
HOW TO READ THESE BOOKS
I tried to group the material in the three books in a sequence that should be helpful
to traders.
Book 1: Trading Price Action Trends: Technical Analysis of Price Charts
Bar by Bar for the Serious Trader
r The basics of price action and candles. The market is either trending or in a
trading range. That is true of every time frame down to even an individual bar,
which can be a trend bar or a nontrend bar (doji).
r Trend lines and trend channel lines. These are basic tools that can be used to
highlight the existence of trends and trading ranges.
r Trends. These are the most conspicuous and proﬁtable components of every
chart.

INTRODUCTION
25
Book 2: Trading Price Action Trading Ranges: Technical Analysis of
Price Charts Bar by Bar for the Serious Trader
r Breakouts. These are transitions from trading ranges into trends.
r Gaps. Breakouts often create several types of intraday gaps that can be helpful
to traders, but these gaps are evident only if you use a broad deﬁnition.
r Magnets, support, and resistance. Once the market breaks out and begins
its move, it is often drawn to certain prices, and these magnets often set up
reversals.
r Pullbacks. These are transitions from trends to temporary trading ranges.
r Trading ranges. These are areas of largely sideways price activity, but each leg
is a small trend and an entire trading range is usually a pullback in a trend on a
higher time frame chart.
r Order and trade management. Traders need as many tools as possible and
need to understand scalping, swing trading, and scaling into and out of trades,
as well as how to enter and exit on stops and limit orders.
r The mathematics of trading. There is a mathematical basis for all trading, and
when you see why things are unfolding the way they do, trading becomes much
less stressful.
Book 3: Trading Price Action Reversals: Technical Analysis of Price
Charts Bar by Bar for the Serious Trader
r Trend reversals. These offer the best risk/reward ratios of any type of trade,
but since most fail, traders need to be selective.
r Day trading. Now that readers understand price action, they can use it to
trade. The chapters on day trading, trading the ﬁrst hour, and detailed examples
show how.
r Daily, weekly, and monthly charts. These charts have very reliable price ac-
tion setups.
r Options. Price action can be used effectively in option trading.
r Best trades. Some price action setups are especially good, and beginners
should focus on these.
r Guidelines. There are many important concepts that can help keep traders
focused.
If you come across an unfamiliar term, you should be able to ﬁnd its deﬁnition
in the List of Terms at the beginning of the book.
Some books show charts that use the time zone of the location of the market,
but now that trading is electronic and global, that is no longer relevant. Since I trade
in California, the charts are in Paciﬁc standard time (PST). All of the charts were
created with TradeStation. Since every chart has dozens of noteworthy price action
events that have not yet been covered, I describe many of them immediately after

26 
INTRODUCTION
the primary discussion under “Deeper Discussion of This Chart.” Even though you
might ﬁnd this incomprehensible when you ﬁrst read it, you will understand it on a
second reading of the books. The more variations of standard patterns that you see,
the better you will be able to spot them as they are developing in real time. I also
usually point out the major one or two trades on the chart. If you prefer, you can
ignore that supplemental discussion on your ﬁrst read and then look at the charts
again after completing the books when the deeper discussion would be understand-
able. Since many of the setups are excellent examples of important concepts, even
though not yet covered, many readers will appreciate having the discussion if they
go through the books again.
At the time of publication, I am posting a daily end-of-day analysis of
the Emini and providing real-time chart reading during the trading day at
www.brookspriceaction.com.
All of the charts in the three books will be in a larger format on John Wiley &
Sons’ site at www.wiley.com/go/tradingtrends. (See the “About the Website” page
at the back of the book.) You will be able to zoom in to see the details, download the
charts, or print them. Having a printout of a chart when the description is several
pages long will make it easier to follow the commentary.
SIGNS OF STRENGTH: TRENDS, BREAKOUTS,
REVERSAL BARS, AND REVERSALS
Here are some characteristics that are commonly found in strong trends:
r There is a big gap opening on the day.
r There are trending highs and lows (swings).
r Most of the bars are trend bars in the direction of the trend.
r There is very little overlap of the bodies of consecutive bars. For example, in a
bull spike, many bars have lows that are at or just one tick below the closes of
the prior bar. Some bars have lows that are at and not below the close of the
prior bar, so traders trying to buy on a limit order at the close of the prior bar
do not get their orders ﬁlled and they have to buy higher.
r There are bars with no tails or small tails in either direction, indicating urgency.
For example, in a bull trend, if a bull trend bar opens on its low tick and trends
up, traders were eager to buy it as soon as the prior bar closed. If it closes on or
near its high tick, traders continued their strong buying in anticipation of new
buyers entering right after the bar closes. They were willing to buy going into
the close because they were afraid that if they waited for the bar to close, they
might have to buy a tick or two higher.

INTRODUCTION
27
r Occasionally, there are gaps between the bodies (for example, the open of a
bar might be above the close of the prior bar in a bull trend).
r A breakout gap appears in the form of a strong trend bar at the start of the
trend.
r Measuring gaps occur where the breakout test does not overlap the breakout
point. For example, the pullback from a bull breakout does not drop below the
high of the bar where the breakout occurred.
r Micro measuring gaps appear where there is a strong trend bar and a gap be-
tween the bar before it and the bar after it. For example, if the low of the bar
after a strong bull trend bar in a bull trend is at or above the high of the bar
before the trend bar, this is a gap and a breakout test and a sign of strength.
r No big climaxes appear.
r Not many large bars appear (not even large trend bars). Often, the largest trend
bars are countertrend, trapping traders into looking for countertrend trades
and missing with-trend trades. The countertrend setups almost always look bet-
ter than the with-trend setups.
r No signiﬁcant trend channel line overshoots occur, and the minor ones result
in only sideways corrections.
r There are sideways corrections after trend line breaks.
r Failed wedges and other failed reversals occur.
r There is a sequence of 20 moving average gap bars (20 or more consecutive
bars that do not touch the moving average, discussed in book 2).
r Few if any proﬁtable countertrend trades are found.
r There are small, infrequent, and mostly sideways pullbacks. For example, if
the Emini’s average range is 12 points, the pullbacks will all likely be less than
three or four points, and the market will often go for ﬁve or more bars without
a pullback.
r There is a sense of urgency. You ﬁnd yourself waiting through countless bars
for a good with-trend pullback and one never comes, yet the market slowly
continues to trend.
r The pullbacks have strong setups. For example, the high 1 and high 2 pullbacks
in a bull trend have strong bull reversal bars for signal bars.
r In the strongest trends, the pullbacks usually have weak signal bars, making
many traders not take them, and forcing traders to chase the market. For ex-
ample, in a bear trend the signal bars for a low 2 short are often small bull bars
in two or three bar bull spikes, and some of the entry bars are outside down
bars. It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r Repeated two-legged pullbacks are setting up with trend entries.
r No two consecutive trend bar closes occur on the opposite side of the moving
average.

28
INTRODUCTION
r The trend goes very far and breaks several resistance levels, like the moving
average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.
r Reversal attempts in the form of spikes against the trend have no follow-
through, fail, and become ﬂags in the direction of the trend.
The more of the following characteristics that a bull breakout has, the more
likely the breakout will be strong:
r The breakout bar has a large bull trend body and small tails or no tails. The
larger the bar, the more likely the breakout will succeed.
r If the volume of the large breakout bar is 10 to 20 times the average volume
of recent bars, the chance of follow-through buying and a possible measured
move increases.
r The spike goes very far, lasts several bars, and breaks several resistance lev-
els, like the moving average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by
many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the breakout bar is forming, it spends most of its time near
its high and the pullbacks are small (less than a quarter of the height of the
growing bar).
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to buy but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The next two or three bars also have bull bodies that are at least the av-
erage size of the recent bull and bear bodies. Even if the bodies are rela-
tively small and the tails are prominent, if the follow-through bar (the bar
after the initial breakout bar) is large, the odds of the trend continuing are
greater.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so.
r One or more bars in the spike have a low that is at or just one tick below the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have an open that is above the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have a close on the bar’s high or just one tick
below its high.
r The low of the bar after a bull trend bar is at or above the high of the bar before
the bull trend bar, creating a micro gap, which is a sign of strength. These gaps
sometimes become measuring gaps. Although it is not signiﬁcant to trading,
according to Elliott Wave Theory they probably represent the space between a
smaller time frame Elliott Wave 1 high and a Wave 4 pullback, which can touch
but not overlap.

INTRODUCTION
29
r The overall context makes a breakout likely, like the resumption of a trend
after a pullback, or a higher low or lower low test of the bear low after a strong
break above the bear trend line.
r The market has had several strong bull trend days recently.
r There is growing buying pressure in the trading range, represented by many
large bull trend bars, and the bull trend bars are clearly more prominent than
the bear trend bars in the range.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars of breaking out.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars, and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bear reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not reach the breakout point and does not hit a
breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and highs. For example, when there
is a bear channel and a large bull bar forms, this breakout bar has a high and
close that are above the highs and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bull bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by the high.
The more of the following characteristics that a bear breakout has, the more
likely the breakout will be strong:
r The breakout bar has a large bear trend body and small tails or no tails. The
larger the bar, the more likely the breakout will succeed.
r If the volume of the large breakout bar is 10 to 20 times the average volume
of recent bars, the chance of follow-through selling and a possible measured
move down increases.
r The spike goes very far, lasts several bars, and breaks several support levels
like the moving average, prior swing lows, and trend lines, and each by many
ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the breakout bar is forming, it spends most of its time near its
low and the pullbacks are small (less than a quarter of the height of the growing
bar).
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to sell but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The next two or three bars also have bear bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies. Even if the bodies are relatively small
and the tails are prominent, if the follow-through bar (the bar after the initial
breakout bar) is large, the odds of the trend continuing are greater.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so.

30
INTRODUCTION
r As a bear breakout goes below a prior signiﬁcant swing low, the move below
the low goes far enough for a scalper to make a proﬁt if he entered on a stop at
one tick below that swing low.
r One or more bars in the spike has a high that is at or just one tick above the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is below the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its low or just one tick above
its low.
r The high of the bar after a bear trend bar is at or below the low of the bar before
the bear trend bar, creating a micro gap, which is a sign of strength. These gaps
sometimes become measuring gaps. Although it is not signiﬁcant to trading,
they probably represent the space between a smaller time frame Elliott wave 1
low and a wave 4 pullback, which can touch but not overlap.
r The overall context makes a breakout likely, like the resumption of a trend
after a pullback, or a lower high or higher high test of the bull high after a
strong break below the bull trend line.
r The market has had several strong bear trend days recently.
r There was growing selling pressure in the trading range, represented by many
large bear trend bars, and the bear trend bars were clearly more prominent
than the bull trend bars in the range.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars of breaking out.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bull reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not reach the breakout point and does not hit a
breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and lows. For example, when there
is a bull channel and a large bear bar forms, this breakout bar has a low and
close that are below the lows and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bear bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by its low.
The best-known signal bar is the reversal bar and the minimum that a bull re-
versal bar should have is either a close above its open (a bull body) or a close above
its midpoint. The best bull reversal bars have more than one of the following:
r An open near or below the close of the prior bar and a close above the open
and above the prior bar’s close.
r A lower tail that is about one-third to one-half the height of the bar and a small
or nonexistent upper tail.
r Not much overlap with the prior bar or bars.

INTRODUCTION
31
r The bar after the signal bar is not a doji inside bar and instead is a strong entry
bar (a bull trend bar with a relatively large body and small tails).
r A close that reverses (closes above) the closes and highs of more than one bar.
The minimum that a bear reversal bar should have is either a close below
its open (a bear body) or a close below its midpoint. The best bear reversal
bars have:
r An open near or above the close of the prior bar and a close well below the
prior bar’s close.
r An upper tail that is about one-third to one-half the height of the bar and a small
or nonexistent lower tail.
r Not much overlap with the prior bar or bars.
r The bar after the signal bar is not a doji inside bar and instead is a strong entry
bar (a bear trend bar with a relatively large body and small tails).
r A close that reverses (closes below) the closes and extremes of more than
one bar.
Here are a number of characteristics that are common in strong bull reversals:
r There is a strong bull reversal bar with a large bull trend body and small tails
or no tails.
r The next two or three bars also have bull bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so, and it reverses many bars, swing highs, and bear ﬂags of the prior bear
trend.
r One or more bars in the spike have a low that is at or just one tick below the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have an open that is above the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have a close on the high of the bar or just one
tick below its high.
r The overall context makes a reversal likely, like a higher low or lower low test
of the bear low after a strong break above the bear trend line.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars, and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bear reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not hit a breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The spike goes very far and breaks several resistance levels like the moving
average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.

32
INTRODUCTION
r As the ﬁrst bar of the reversal is forming, it spends most of its time near its high
and the pullbacks are less than a quarter of the height of the growing bar.
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to buy but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The signal is the second attempt to reverse within the past few bars (a second
signal).
r The reversal began as a reversal from an overshoot of a trend channel line from
the old trend.
r It is reversing a signiﬁcant swing high or low (e.g., it breaks below a strong
prior swing low and reverses up).
r The high 1 and high 2 pullbacks have strong bull reversal bars for signal bars.
r It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r The pullbacks are small and sideways.
r There were prior breaks of earlier bear trend lines (this isn’t the ﬁrst sign of
bullish strength).
r The pullback to test the bear low lacks momentum, as evidenced by its having
many overlapping bars with many being bull trend bars.
r The pullback that tests the bear low fails at the moving average or the old bear
trend line.
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and highs. For example, when there
is a bear channel and a large bull bar forms, this breakout bar has a high and
close that are above the highs and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bull bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by only its high.
Here are a number of characteristics that are common in strong bear reversals:
r A strong bear reversal bar with a large bear trend body and small tails or no
tails.
r The next two or three bars also have bear bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar or
so, and it reverses many bars, swing lows, and bull ﬂags of the prior bull trend.
r One or more bars in the spike has a high that is at or just one tick above the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is below the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its low or just one tick above
its low.
r The overall context makes a reversal likely, like a lower high or higher high test
of the bull high after a strong break below the bull trend line.

INTRODUCTION
33
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bull reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not hit a breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The spike goes very far and breaks several support levels like the moving aver-
age, prior swing lows, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the reversal is forming, it spends most of its time near its low
and the pullbacks are less than a quarter of the height of the growing bar.
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to sell, but you want a
pullback, yet it never comes.
r The signal is the second attempt to reverse within the past few bars (a second
signal).
r The reversal began as a reversal from an overshoot of a trend channel line from
the old trend.
r It is reversing at a signiﬁcant swing high or low area (e.g., breaks above a strong
prior swing high and reverses down).
r The low 1 and low 2 pullbacks have strong bear reversal bars for signal bars.
r It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r The pullbacks are small and sideways.
r There were prior breaks of earlier bull trend lines (this isn’t the ﬁrst sign of
bearish strength).
r The pullback to test the bull high lacks momentum, as evidenced by it having
many overlapping bars with many being bear trend bars.
r The pullback that tests the bull high fails at the moving average or the old bull
trend line.
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and lows. For example, when there
is a bull channel and a large bear bar forms, this breakout bar has a low and
close that are below the lows and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bear bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by only its low.
BAR COUNTING BASICS: HIGH 1, HIGH 2,
LOW 1, LOW 2
A reliable sign that a pullback in a bull trend or in a trading range has ended is when
the current bar’s high extends at least one tick above the high of the prior bar. This
leads to a useful concept of counting the number of times that this occurs, which
is called bar counting. In a sideways or downward move in a bull trend or a trading
range, the ﬁrst bar whose high is above the high of the prior bar is a high 1, and
this ends the ﬁrst leg of the sideways or down move, although this leg may become

34
INTRODUCTION
a small leg in a larger pullback. If the market does not turn into a bull swing and
instead continues sideways or down, label the next occurrence of a bar with a high
above the high of the prior bar as a high 2, ending the second leg.
A high 2 in a bull trend and a low 2 in a bear trend are often referred to as ABC
corrections where the ﬁrst leg is the A, the change in direction that forms the high 1
or low 1 entry is the B, and the ﬁnal leg of the pullback is the C. The breakout from
the C is a high 2 entry bar in a bull ABC correction and a low 2 entry bar in a bear
ABC correction.
If the bull pullback ends after a third leg, the buy setup is a high 3 and is usually
a type of wedge bull ﬂag. When a bear rally ends in a third leg, it is a low 3 sell setup
and usually a wedge bear ﬂag.
Some bull pullbacks can grow further and form a high 4. When a high 4 forms,
it sometimes begins with a high 2 and this high 2 fails to go very far. It is instead
followed by another two legs down and a second high 2, and the entire move is
simply a high 2 in a higher time frame. At other times, the high 4 is a small spike
and channel bear trend where the ﬁrst or second push down is a bear spike and
the next pushes down are in a bear channel. If the high 4 fails to resume the trend
and the market falls below its low, it is likely that the market is no longer forming
a pullback in a bull trend and instead is in a bear swing. Wait for more price action
to unfold before placing a trade.
When a bear trend or a sideways market is correcting sideways or up, the ﬁrst
bar with a low below the low of the prior bar is a low 1, ending the ﬁrst leg of the
correction, which can be as brief as that single bar. Subsequent occurrences are
called the low 2, low 3, and low 4 entries. If the low 4 fails (a bar extends above
the high of the low 4 signal bar after the low 4 short is triggered), the price action
indicates that the bears have lost control and either the market will become two-
sided, with bulls and bears alternating control, or the bulls will gain control. In any
case, the bears can best demonstrate that they have regained control by breaking a
bull trend line with strong momentum.

P A R T I
Breakouts:
Transitioning into
a New Trend
T
he market is always trying to break out, and then the market tries to make
every breakout fail. This is the most fundamental aspect of all trading and is
at the heart of everything that we do. One of the most important skills that a
trader can acquire is the ability to reliably determine when a breakout will succeed
or fail (creating a reversal). Remember, every trend bar is a breakout, and there are
buyers and sellers at the top and bottom of every bull and bear trend bar, no matter
how strong the bar appears. Since every trend bar is a breakout and trend bars are
common, traders must understand that they have to be assessing every few bars all
day long whether a breakout will continue or fail and then reverse. This is the most
fundamental concept in trading, and it is crucial to a trader’s ﬁnancial success to
understand it. A breakout of anything is the same. Even a climactic reversal like a
V bottom is simply a breakout and then a failed breakout. There are traders placing
trades based on the belief that the breakout will succeed, and other traders placing
trades in the opposite direction, betting it will fail. The better traders become at
assessing whether a breakout will succeed or fail, the better positioned they are to
make a living as a trader. Will the breakout succeed? If yes, then look to trade in
that direction. If no (and become a failed breakout, which is a reversal), then look
to trade in the opposite direction. All trading comes down to this decision.
35

36
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Breakout is a misleading term because out implies that it refers only to a market
attempting to transition from a trading range into a trend, but it can also be a buy
or sell climax attempting to reverse into a trend in the opposite direction. The most
important thing to understand about breakouts is that most breakouts fail. There is
a strong propensity for the market to continue what it has been doing, and therefore
there is a strong resistance to change. Just as most attempts to end a trend fail, most
attempts to end a trading range and begin a trend also fail.
A breakout is simply a move beyond some prior point of signiﬁcance such as
a trend line or a prior high or low, including the high or low of the previous bar.
That point becomes the breakout point, and if the market later comes back to test
that point, the pullback is the breakout test (a breakout pullback that reaches the
area of the breakout point). The space between the breakout point and the break-
out test is the breakout gap. A signiﬁcant breakout, one that makes the always-in
position clearly long or short and is likely to have follow-through for at least sev-
eral bars, almost always appears as a relatively large trend bar without signiﬁcant
tails. “Always in” is discussed in detail in the third book, and it means that if you
had to be in the market at all times, either long or short, the always-in position is
whatever your current position is. The breakout is an attempt by the market either
to reverse the trend or to move from a trading range into a new trend. Whenever
the market is in a trading range, it should be considered to be in breakout mode.
There is two-sided trading until one side gives up and the market becomes heavily
one-sided, creating a spike that becomes a breakout. All breakouts are spikes and
can be made up of one or several consecutive trend bars. Breakouts of one type or
another are very common and occur as often as every few bars on every chart. As
is discussed in Chapter 6 on gaps, all breakouts are functionally equivalent to gaps,
and since every trend bar is a breakout (and also a spike and a climax), it is also a
gap. Many breakouts are easily overlooked, and any single one may be breaking out
of many things at one time. Sometimes the market will have setups in both direc-
tions and is therefore in breakout mode; this is sometimes referred to as being in
an inﬂection area. Traders will be ready to enter in the direction of the breakout in
either direction. Because breakouts are one of the most common features of every
chart, it is imperative to understand them, their follow-through, and their failure.
The high of the prior bar is usually a swing high on some lower time frame
chart, so if the market moves above the high of the prior bar, it is breaking above
a lower time frame swing high. Also, when the market breaks above a prior swing
high on the current chart, that high is simply the high of the prior bar on some
higher time frame chart. The same is true for the low of the prior bar. It is usually
a swing low on a lower time frame chart, and any swing low on the current chart is
usually just the low of the prior bar on a higher time frame chart.
It is important to distinguish a breakout into a new trend from a breakout of a
small trading range within a larger trading range. For example, if the chart on your

BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
37
screen is in a trading range, and the market breaks above a small trading range
in the bottom half of the screen, most traders will assume that the market is still
within the larger trading range, and not yet in a bull trend. The market might simply
be forming a buy vacuum test of the top of the larger trading range. Because of this,
smart traders will not buy the closes of the strong bull trend bars near the top of
the screen. In fact, many will sell out of their longs to take proﬁts and others will
short them, expecting the breakout attempt to fail. Similarly, even though buying a
high 1 setup in strong bull spike can be a great trade, it is great only in a bull trend,
not at the top of a trading range, where most breakout attempts will fail. In general,
if there is a strong bull breakout, but it is still below the high of the bars on the
left half of the screen, make sure that the there is a strong trend reversal underway
before looking to buy near the top of the spike. If you believe that the market might
still be within a trading range, only consider buying pullbacks, instead of looking to
buy near the top of the spike.
Big traders don’t hesitate to enter a trend during its spike phase, because they
expect signiﬁcant follow-through, even if there is a pullback immediately after their
entry. If a pullback occurs, they increase the size of their position. For example, if
there is a strong bull breakout lasting several bars, more and more institutions be-
come convinced that the market has become always-in long with each new higher
tick, and as they become convinced that the market will go higher, they start buy-
ing, and they press the trades by buying more as the market continues to rise. This
makes the spike grow very quickly. They have many ways to enter, like buying at
the market, buying a one- or two-tick pullback, buying above the prior bar on a
stop, or buying on a breakout above a prior swing high. It does not matter how they
get in, because their focus is to get at least a small position on, and then look to buy
more as the market moves higher or if it pulls back. Because they will add on as the
market goes higher, the spike can extend for many bars. A beginning trader sees
the growing spike and wonders how anyone could be buying at the top of such a
huge move. What they don’t understand is that the institutions are so conﬁdent that
the market will soon be higher that they will buy all of the way up, because they
don’t want to miss the move while waiting for a pullback to form. Beginners are
also afraid that their stops would have to be below the bottom of the spike, or at
least below its midpoint, which is far away. The institutions know this, and simply
adjust their position size down to a level where their dollars at risk are the same as
for any other trade.
At some resistance level, the early buyers take some proﬁts, and then the mar-
ket pulls back a little. When it does, the traders who want a larger position quickly
buy, thereby keeping the initial pullback small. Also, the bulls who missed the ear-
lier entries will use the pullback to ﬁnally get long. Some traders don’t like to buy
spikes, because they don’t like to risk too much (the stop often needs to be below
the bottom of the spike). They prefer to feel like they are buying at a better price

38
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
(a discount) and therefore will wait for a pullback to form before buying. If every-
one is looking to buy a pullback, why would one ever develop? It is because not
everyone is looking to buy. Experienced traders who bought early on know that
the market can reverse at any time, and once they feel that the market has reached
a resistance area where they think that proﬁt taking might come in or the market
might reverse, they will take partial proﬁts (they will begin to scale out of their
longs), and sometimes will sell out of their entire position. These are not the bulls
who are looking to buy a few ticks lower on the ﬁrst pullback. The experienced
traders who are taking partial proﬁts are scaling out because they are afraid of a re-
versal, or of a deeper pullback where they could buy back many ticks lower. If they
believed that the pullback was only going to last for a few ticks, and then the bull
was going to resume, they would never have exited. They always take their proﬁts
at some resistance level, like a measured move target, a trend line, a trend channel
line, a new high, or at the bottom of a trading range above. Most of the trading is
done by computers, so everything has a mathematical basis, which means that the
proﬁt taking targets are based on the prices on the screen. With practice, traders
can learn to spot areas where the computers might take proﬁts, and they can take
their proﬁts at the same prices, expecting a pullback to follow. Although trends
have inertia and will go above most resistance areas, when a reversal ﬁnally does
come, it will always be at a resistance area, whether or not it is obvious to you.
Sometimes the spike will have a bar or a pattern that will allow aggressive bears
to take a small scalp, if they think that the pullback is imminent and that there is
enough room for a proﬁt. However, most traders who attempt this will lose, be-
cause most of the pullbacks do not go far enough for a proﬁt, or the trader’s equa-
tion is weak (the probability of making a scalp times the size of the proﬁt is smaller
than the probability of losing times the size of the protective stop). Also, traders
who take the short are hoping so much for their small proﬁt that they invariably
end up missing the much more proﬁtable long that forms a few minutes later.
Traders enter in the direction of the breakout or in the opposite direction, de-
pending on whether they expect it to succeed or to fail. Are they believers or non-
believers? There are many ways to enter in the direction of the breakout. Once
traders feel a sense of urgency because they believe that a signiﬁcant move might
be underway, they need to get into the market. Entering during a breakout is difﬁ-
cult for many traders because the risk is larger and the move is fast. They will often
freeze and not take the trade. They are worried about the size of the potential loss,
which means that they are caring too much to trade. They have to get their position
size down to the “I don’t care” size so that they can quickly get in the trade. The
best way for them to take a scary trade is to automatically trade only a third or a
quarter of their normal trade size and use the wide stop that is required. They might
catch a big move, and making a lot on a small position is much better than making
nothing on their usual position size. It is important to avoid making the mistake of

BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
39
not caring to the point that you begin to trade weak setups and then lose money.
First spot a good setup and then enter the “I don’t care” mode.
As soon as traders feel that the market has had a clear always-in move, they
believe that a trend is underway and they need to get in as soon as possible. For
example, if there is a strong bull breakout, they can buy the close of the bar that
made them believe that the trend has begun. They might need to see the next bar
also have a bull close. If they wait and they get that bull close, they could buy as
soon as the bar closes, either with a limit order at the level of the close of the bar or
with a market order. They could wait for the ﬁrst pause or pullback bar and place
a limit order to buy at its close, a tick above its low, at its low, or a tick or two
below its low. They can place a limit order to buy any small pullback, like a one- to
four-tick pullback in the Emini, or a 5 to 10 cent pullback in a stock. If the breakout
bar is not too large, the low of the next bar might test the high of the bar before
the breakout, creating a breakout test. They might place a limit order to buy at or
just above the high of that bar, and risk to the low of the breakout bar. If they try
to buy at or below a pause bar and they do not get ﬁlled, they can place a buy stop
order at one tick above the high of the bar. If the spike is strong, they can look to
buy the ﬁrst high 1 setup, which is a breakout pullback. Earlier on, they can look
at a 1, 2, or 3 minute chart and buy at or below the low of a prior bar, above a high
1 or high 2 signal bar, or with a limit order at the moving average. Once they are
in, they should manage the position like any trend trade, and look for a swing to a
measured move target to take proﬁts and not exit with a small scalp. The bulls will
expect every attempt by the bears to fail, and therefore look to buy each one. They
will buy around the close of every bear trend bar, even if the bar is large and closes
on its low. They will buy as the market falls below the low of the prior bar, any prior
swing low, and any support level, like a trend line. They also will buy every attempt
by the market to go higher, like around the high of a bull trend bar or as the market
moves above the high of the prior bar or above a resistance level. This is the exact
opposite of what traders do in strong bear markets, when they sell above and below
bars, and above and below both resistance and support. They sell above bars (and
around every type of resistance), including strong bull trend bars, because they see
each move up as an attempt to reverse the trend, and most trend reversal attempts
fail. They will sell below bars (and around every type of support), because they
see each move down as an attempt to resume the bear trend, and expect that most
will succeed.
Since most breakout attempts fail, many traders enter breakouts in the oppo-
site direction. For example, if there is a bull trend and it forms a large bear trend
bar closing on its low, most traders will expect this reversal attempt to fail, and
many will buy at the close of the bar. If the next bar has a bull body, they will buy at
the close of the bar and above its high. The ﬁrst target is the high of the bear trend
bar, and the next target is a measured move up, equal to the height of the bear

40
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
trend bar. Some traders will use an initial protective stop that is about the same
number of ticks as the bear trend bar is tall, and others will use their usual stop,
like two points in the Emini. Information comes fast during a breakout, and traders
can usually formulate increasingly strong opinions with the close of each subse-
quent bar. If there is a second strong bear trend bar and then a third, more traders
will believe that the always-in position has reversed to down, and the bears will
short more. The bulls who bought the bear spike will soon decide that the market
will work lower over the next several bars and will therefore exit their longs. It
does not make sense for them to hold long when they believe that the market will
be lower in the near future. It makes more sense for them to sell out of their longs,
take the loss, and then buy again at a lower price once they think that the bull trend
will resume. Because the bulls have become sellers, at least for the next several
bars, there is no one left to buy, and the market falls to the next level of support.
If the market rallied after that ﬁrst bear bar, the bears would quickly see that they
were wrong and would buy back their shorts. With no one left to short and every-
one buying (the bulls initiating new longs and the bears buying back their shorts),
the market will probably rally, at least for several more bars.
Traders have to assess a breakout in relation to the entire chart and not just the
current leg. For example, if the market is breaking out in a strong bull spike, look
across the chart to the left side of the screen. If there are no bars at the level of the
current price, then buying closes and risking to below the bottom of the spike is of-
ten a good strategy. Since the risk is big, trade small, but because a strong breakout
has at least a 60 percent chance of reaching a measured move that is approximately
equal to the size of the spike, the trader’s equation is good (the probability of suc-
cess times the potential reward is greater than the probability of failure times the
risk). However, when you look to the left side of the screen, if you see that the cur-
rent breakout is still below the high from 20 or 30 bars earlier, the market might
still be in a trading range. Trading ranges regularly have sharp bull spikes that race
to the top, only to reverse. The market then races to the bottom and that breakout
attempt also fails. Because of this, buying the closes of strong bull trend bars near
the top of the trading range is risky, and it is usually better to look to buy pullbacks
instead. Traders should trade the market like a trading range until it is clearly in
a trend.
A move above a prior high in a bull trend will generally lead to one of three
outcomes: more buying, proﬁt taking, or shorting. When the trend is strong, strong
bulls will press (add to) their longs by buying the breakout above the old high and
there will be a measured move up of some kind. If the market goes up far enough
above the breakout to enable a trader to make at least a proﬁtable scalp before
there is a pullback, then assume that there was mostly new buying at the high. If it
goes sideways and the breakout shows signs of weakness (discussed further on),
assume that there was proﬁt taking and that the bulls are looking to buy again a little

BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
41
lower. If the market reverses down hard, assume that the strong bears dominated
at the new high and that the market will likely trade down for at least a couple of
legs and at least 10 bars.
In the absence of some rare, dramatic news event, traders don’t suddenly
switch from extremely bullish to extremely bearish. There is a gradual transition.
A trader becomes less bullish, then neutral, and then bearish. Once enough traders
make this transition, the market reverses into a deeper correction or into a bear
trend. Every trading ﬁrm has its own measure of excess, and at some point enough
ﬁrms decide that the trend has gone too far. They believe that there is little risk
of missing a great move up if they stop buying above the old high, and they will
buy only on pullbacks. If the market hesitates above the old high, the market is
becoming two-sided, and the strong bulls are using the new high to take proﬁts.
Proﬁt taking means that traders are still bullish and are looking to buy a pull-
back. Most new highs are followed by proﬁt taking. Every new high is a potential
top, but most reversal attempts fail and become the beginning of bull ﬂags, only to
be followed by another new high. If a rally to test the high has several small pull-
backs within the leg up, with lots of overlapping bars, several bear bodies, and big
tails on the tops of the bars, and most of the bull trend bars are weak, then the
market is becoming increasingly two-sided. The bulls are taking proﬁts at the tops
of the bars and buying only at the bottoms of the bars, and the bears are beginning
to short at the tops of the bars. Similarly, the bulls are taking proﬁts as the market
approaches the top of the bull trend and the bears are shorting more. If the mar-
ket goes above the bull high, it is likely that the proﬁt taking and shorting will be
even stronger.
Most traders do not like to reverse, so if they are anticipating a reversal signal,
they prefer to exit their longs and then wait for that signal. The loss of these bulls
on the ﬁnal leg up in the trend contributes to the weakness of the rally to the ﬁnal
high. If there is a strong reversal down after the market breaks above the prior
high, the strong bears are taking control of the market, at least for the near term.
Once that happens, then the bulls who were hoping to buy a small pullback believe
instead that the market will fall further. They therefore wait to buy until there is
a much larger pullback, and their absence of buying allows the bears to drive the
market down into a deeper correction lasting 10 or more bars and often having
two or more legs. Whenever there is a new trend, traders reverse their mind-set.
When a bull trend reverses to a bear trend, they stop buying above bars on stops
and buying below bars on limit orders, and begin selling above bars on limit orders
and selling below bars on stops. When a bear trend reverses to a bull trend, they
stop selling below bars on stops and selling above bars on limit orders, and begin
buying above bars on stops and buying below bars on limit orders.
There is one situation where the breakout in a bull trend is routinely met by ag-
gressive shorts who will usually take over the market. A pullback is a minor trend in

42
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
the opposite direction, and traders expect it to end soon and for the larger trend to
resume. When there is a pullback in a strong bear trend, the market will often have
two legs up in the minor bull trend. As the market goes above the high of the ﬁrst
leg up, it is breaking out above a prior swing high in a minor bull trend. However,
since most traders will see the move up as a pullback that will end very soon, the
dominant traders on the breakout will usually be aggressive sellers, instead of ag-
gressive new buyers, and the minor bull trend will usually reverse back down into
the direction of the major bear trend after breaking out above the ﬁrst or second
swing high in the pullback.
The same is true of new lows in a bear trend. When the bear trend is strong,
strong bears will press their shorts by adding to their positions on the breakout to a
new low and the market will continue to fall until it reaches some measured move
target. As the trend weakens, the price action at a new low will be less clear, which
means that the strong bears are using the new low as an area to take proﬁts on their
shorts rather than as an area to add to their shorts. As the bear trend further loses
strength, the strong bulls will eventually see a new low as a great price to initiate
longs and they will be able to create a reversal pattern and then a signiﬁcant rally.
As a trend matures, it usually transitions into a trading range, but the ﬁrst trad-
ing ranges that form are usually followed by a continuation of the trend. How do
the strong bulls and bears act as a trend matures? In a bull trend, when the trend
is strong, the pullbacks are small because the strong bulls want to buy more on a
pullback. Since they suspect that there may not be a pullback until the market is
much higher, they begin to buy in pieces, but relentlessly. They look for any reason
to buy, and with so many big traders in the market, there will be some buying for
every imaginable reason. They place limit orders to buy a few ticks down and other
limit orders to buy a few ticks above the low of the prior bar, at the low of the prior
bar, and below the low of the prior bar. They place stop orders to buy above the
high of the prior bar and on a breakout above any prior swing high. They also buy
on the close of both any bull or bear trend bar. They see the bear trend bar as a
brief opportunity to buy at a better price and the bull trend bar as a sign that the
market is about to move up quickly.
The strong bears are smart and see what is going on. Since they believe, just
like the strong bulls, that the market is going to be higher before long, it does not
make sense for them to be shorting. They just step aside and wait until they can
sell higher. How much higher? Each institution has its own measure of excess, but
once the market gets to a price level where enough bear ﬁrms believe that it might
not go any higher, they will begin to short. If enough of them short around the same
price level, more and larger bear trend bars form and bars start to get tails on the
tops. These are signs of selling pressure, and they tell all traders that the bulls are
becoming weaker and the bears are becoming stronger. The strong bulls eventually
stop buying above the last swing high and instead begin to take proﬁts as the market

BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
43
goes to a new high. They are still bullish but are becoming selective and will buy
only on pullbacks. As the two-sided trading increases and the sell-offs have more
bear trend bars and last for more bars, the strong bulls will want to buy only at the
bottom of the developing trading range and will look to take proﬁts at the top.
The strong bears begin to short at new highs and are now willing to scale in higher.
They might take partial proﬁts near the bottom of the developing trading range if
they think that the market might reverse back up and break out to a new high,
but they will keep looking to short new highs. At some point, the market becomes
a 50–50 market and neither the bulls nor the bears are in control; eventually the
bears become dominant, a bear trend begins, and the opposite process unfolds.
A protracted trend will often have an unusually strong breakout, but it can
be an exhaustive climax. For example, in a protracted bull trend, all strong bulls
and bears love to see a large bull trend bar or two, especially if it is exception-
ally large, because they expect it to be a brief, unusually great opportunity. Once
the market is close to where the strong bulls and bears want to sell, like near a
measured move target or a trend channel line, especially if the move is the sec-
ond or third consecutive buy climax, they step aside. The absence of selling by
the strongest traders results in a vacuum above the market. The programs that de-
tect the momentum early on in a bar see this and quickly buy repeatedly until the
momentum slows. Since few strong traders are selling, the result is one or two rel-
atively large bull trend bars. This bull spike is just the sign that the strong traders
have been waiting for, and once it is there, they appear as if out of nowhere and
begin their selling. The bulls take proﬁts on their longs and the bears initiate new
shorts. Both sell aggressively at the close of the bar, above its high, at the close
of the next bar (especially if it is a weaker bar), and at the close of the following
bar, especially if the bars are starting to have bear bodies. They also short below
the low of the prior bar. When they see a strong bear trend bar, they short at its
close and below its low. The momentum programs also take proﬁts. Both the bulls
and the bears expect a larger correction, and the bulls will not consider buying
again until at least a 10-bar, two-legged correction, and even then only if the sell-off
looks weak. The bears expect the same sell-off and will not be eager to take proﬁts
too early.
Weak traders see that large bull trend bar in the opposite way. The weak bulls,
who had been sitting on the sidelines hoping for an easy pullback to buy, see the
market running away from them and want to make sure they catch this next leg up,
especially since the bar is so strong and the day is almost over. The weak bears,
who shorted early and maybe scaled in, were terriﬁed by the rapidity with which
the bar broke to a new high. They are afraid of relentless follow-through buying,
so they buy back their shorts. These weak traders are trading on emotion and are
competing against computers, which do not have emotion as one of the variables in
their algorithms. Since the computers control the market, the emotions of the weak

44
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
traders doom them to big losses on big bull trend bars at the end of an overdone
bull trend.
Once a strong bull trend begins to have pullbacks that are relatively large, the
pullbacks, which are always small trading ranges, behave more like trading ranges
than like bull ﬂags. The direction of the breakout becomes less certain, and traders
begin to think that a downside breakout is about as likely as an upside breakout.
A new high is now a breakout attempt above a trading range, and the odds are
that it will fail. Likewise, once a strong bear trend begins to have relatively large
pullbacks, those pullbacks behave more like trading ranges than like bear ﬂags,
and therefore a new low is an attempt to break below a trading range and the odds
are that it will fail.
Every trading range is within either a bull or a bear trend. Once the two-sided
trading is strong enough to create the trading range, the trend is no longer strong,
at least while the trading range is in effect. There will always be a breakout from
the range eventually, and if it is to the upside and it is very strong, the market is
in a strong bull trend. If it is to the downside and strong, the market is in a strong
bear trend.
Once the bears are strong enough to push a pullback well below the bull trend
line and the moving average, they are conﬁdent enough that the market will likely
not go much higher and they will aggressively short above the old high. At this
point, the bulls will have decided that they should buy only a deep pullback. A new
mind-set is now dominant at the new high. It is no longer a place to buy, because
it no longer represents much strength. Yes, there is proﬁt taking by the bulls, but
most big traders now look at the new high as a great opportunity to initiate shorts.
The market has reached the tipping point, and most traders have stopped looking to
buy small pullbacks and instead are looking to sell rallies. The bears are dominant
and the strong selling will likely lead to a large correction or even a trend reversal.
After the next strong push down, the bears will look for a lower high to sell again or
to add to their short positions, and the bulls who bought the pullback will become
concerned that the trend might have reversed or at least that there will be a much
larger pullback. Instead of hoping for a new bull high to take proﬁts on their longs,
they will now take proﬁts at a lower high and not look to buy again until after a
larger correction. Bulls know that most reversal attempts fail, and many who rode
the trend up will not exit their longs until after the bears have demonstrated the
ability to push the market down hard. Once these bulls see this impressive selling
pressure, they will then look for a rally to ﬁnally exit their longs. Their supply will
limit the rally, and their selling, added to the shorting by aggressive bears and the
proﬁt taking by bulls who saw the sell-off as a buying opportunity, will create a
second leg down.
If the market enters a bear trend, the process will reverse. When the bear trend
is strong, traders will short below prior lows. As the trend weakens, the bears will

BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
45
take proﬁts at new lows and the market will likely enter a trading range. After a
strong rally above the bull trend line and the moving average, the bears will take
proﬁts at a new low and strong bulls will aggressively buy and try to take control
of the market. The result will be a larger bear rally or possibly a reversal into a
bull trend.
A similar situation occurs when there is a pullback that is large enough to make
traders wonder if the trend has reversed. For example, if there is a deep, sharp pull-
back in a bull trend, traders will begin to wonder if the market has reversed. They
are looking at moves below prior swing lows, but this is in the context of a pullback
in a bull trend instead of as part of a bear trend. They will watch what happens
as the market falls (breaks out) below a prior swing low. Will the market fall far
enough for bears, who entered on a sell stop below that swing low, to make a proﬁt?
Did the new low ﬁnd more sellers than buyers? If it did, that is a sign that the bears
are strong and that the pullback will probably go further. The trend might even
have reversed.
Another possibility on the breakout to a new low is that the market enters a
trading range, which is evidence that the shorts took proﬁts and that there was
unimpressive buying by the bulls. The ﬁnal alternative is that the market reverses
up after the breakout to a new low. This means that there were strong bulls below
that swing low just waiting for the market to test there. This is a sign that the sell-off
is more likely just a big pullback in an ongoing bull trend. The shorts from higher
up took proﬁts on the breakout to the new low because they believed that the trend
was still up. The strong bulls bought aggressively because they believed that the
market would not fall further and that it would rally to test the bull high.
Whenever there is any breakout below a swing low, traders will watch carefully
for evidence that the bulls have returned or that the bears have taken control. They
need to decide what inﬂuence is greater at the new low, and will use the market’s
behavior to make that decision. If there is a strong breakout, then new selling is
dominant. If the market’s movement is uncertain, then proﬁt taking by the shorts
and weak buying by the bulls are taking place, and the market will likely enter a
trading range. If there is a strong reversal up, then aggressive buying by the longs
is the most important factor.
Sometimes, when the market is in a weak trend, there is a large breakout bar in
the direction of the trend. That breakout bar often acts as a spike, and it is usually
followed by several more trend bars, but they usually overlap and have tails. These
bars create a tight bull channel. Like with any spike and channel trend, the market
often tests back to the start of the channel, which in this case is the breakout gap
area. For example, if there is a relatively weak bull swing and then the market
breaks to the upside with a large bull trend bar, and this is followed by three or
four more smaller bull trend bars, these bars usually act as a channel. Once the
market trades down to the area of the ﬁrst of those channel bars, it often goes

46
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
slightly below its low, and that puts the market in the gap area that was created by
the breakout bar. The gap is both a measuring gap and a breakout gap, and the test
of the gap is usually followed by a resumption of the trend rather than the start of
a reversal down.
An inﬂection is a mathematical term that means that there has been a change of
direction. For example, if there is a horizontal wave that goes up and down repeat-
edly, when the wave is going down, at some point the slope changes from steeply
down to less steeply down as it begins to form a bottom. For example, the middle
of the letter S is the inﬂection point in the curve, because it is the point where the
slope begins to change direction. In trading, an inﬂection is just an area where you
expect a trend reversal, which may or may not develop. Since the move can go in
either direction, the market is in breakout mode and traders will be ready to enter
in the direction of the breakout. In either case, the market will often make a mea-
sured move, which is a move that covers about the same number of points as the
pattern that led up to it. For example, a double top often leads to a breakout to the
upside or downside. After the breakout, the market often runs beyond the break-
out point to a measured move target that is about the same number of points away
as the distance from the bottom to the top of the double top. There is often a gap
between the breakout point and the ﬁrst pullback, and the middle of the gap often
leads to a measured move (measuring gaps are discussed in Chapter 6 on gaps).
Breakout mode situations can behave in an opposite way in a trading range.
For example, if there is a breakout mode setup in the middle of a trading range,
there may be more buyers than sellers below the bar and more sellers than buyers
above. If the situation is too uncertain to make traders believe that they have a
good trader’s equation, it is usually better to wait for clarity. At the extremes of a
trading range, three things can happen: there can be (1) a reversal, (2) a breakout
that fails and is followed by a reversal, or (3) a successful breakout. Only one of
the three leads to a trend. This is consistent with the concept that most breakout
attempts fail.
When there is a breakout against a trend, the countertrend traders are trying
to create a channel (a spike and channel trend) or some other form of a new trend
after their spike. However, the trend traders are usually able to reverse the breakout
within a few bars, turning it into a ﬂag. For example, if there is a bear channel that
has a large bull trend bar or two breaking above the channel, the bulls are hoping
to form a bull channel after a pullback. However, they will usually fail and the bull
spike will end up as simply part of a bear ﬂag. The bears saw the spike as a great
opportunity to add to their shorts at a brief, high price, which represented correctly
value to them.

Figure PI.1
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
47
FIGURE PI.1
New Highs Find New Buyers, Proﬁt Takers, and Shorts
When a bull trend breaks above a prior swing high, there will be new buyers, proﬁt
takers, and shorts (see Figure PI.1). If the trend that preceded the breakout is start-
ing out and is very strong, there will be some proﬁt taking, like after bars 5, 12, and
17, but the new buyers will overwhelm the bears, and the trend will quickly resume.
Later in the trend, there will be much less new buying and much more proﬁt tak-
ing, like after bar 19. There are many measures of excess, and once enough trading
ﬁrms believe that the bull trend is overdone, they will take proﬁts on their longs and
buy again only after about a 10-bar, two-legged correction. I use the phrase “10-bar,
two-legged” often, and my intention is to say that the correction will last longer and
be more complex than a small pullback. That usually requires at least 10 bars and
two legs, and sometimes can result in a trend reversal.
Whenever there is a breakout, it might fail and lead to a trend reversal. The
chance of a successful reversal is greater if the context is right and the reversal bar
is strong. If the breakout bar and spike leading to the breakout is stronger than the
reversal bar, and the chance of a climactic reversal is not great, the odds are that
the reversal attempt will fail within a few bars and form a breakout pullback setup
that will lead to a resumption of the trend. For example, bar 12 was a small bear
reversal bar, but it followed a much stronger three-bar bull spike and the market
was trending up in a tight channel all day following a large gap up. This made the

48
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure PI.1
odds of a successful reversal small, so bulls bought at and below the low of bar 12.
The next bar was a doji and therefore a weak entry bar for the bears, so there
were almost certainly going to be more buyers than sellers above its high. It became
a breakout pullback buy signal bar (here, a high 1 buy setup). The next bar was a
bull bar, and more buyers bought above its high. In general, the odds of a successful
buy signal are greater when traders wait to enter above a bull bar. Bar 14 was the
breakout bar, but it closed on its low and formed a bear doji reversal bar, which is a
weak sell signal in the face of such a tight bull channel. The bulls were so aggressive
that they did not want the short to trigger. They placed limit orders at and above
the low of the bear bar, and there were enough buy orders to overwhelm the bears.
The short never triggered and the market continued to rally. Bar 14 was simply
another pullback from the breakout (and it was also the breakout), and traders
bought above the high of bar 15, which was another breakout pullback buy signal.
Another example of comparing the strength of the breakout with that of the
reversal occurred on the bar 5 breakout. The bear bar after bar 5 was the signal bar
for the failed breakout of the bar 4 one bar bull ﬂag and the breakout above bar 3.
The bear signal was small compared to the 3 bar bull spike up from bar 4, and was
therefore unlikely to reverse the trend. The next bar was a breakout pullback buy
setup, but had a bear body, which is not a strong buy signal bar. The bar after had
a bull body and therefore buying above its high had a higher probability of success.
Bar 10 was a breakout of an ii bull ﬂag, but the breakout bar was a bear reversal
bar, which is a weak breakout bar. This increased the chances that the breakout
would fail. The breakout bar was also the signal bar for the failed breakout.
The correction sometimes breaks the bull trend line and creates enough selling
pressure for the bears to become aggressive at the next new high, as they were at
bar 25. There was still some proﬁt taking by the bulls, but very little new buying.
The bears took control going into the close.
Both the strong bulls and bears looked forward to the ﬁnal, strong breakout up
to bar 19. They liked seeing a large bull spike after a protracted bull trend, because
the expected correction provided both of them with a temporary trading opportu-
nity. It was the third consecutive bull climax without a correction since the bar 11
low (bars 11 to 12 and 15 to 17 were the ﬁrst two), and consecutive buy climaxes
often lead to a two-legged correction lasting about 10 bars and falling below the
moving average. Both the strong bulls and bears sold at the close of the two-bar
bull spike before bar 19, above its high, at the close of bar 19 (especially since it
had a bear body), and below its low. The bulls didn’t look to buy again and the
bears did not take proﬁts on their shorts until after the two-legged correction was
complete, which was in the bar 21 to bar 24 area. The sell-off was strong enough for
both to think that the market might have a trend reversal into a bear trend after a
lower high or higher high test of the bar 19 bull high, and this resulted in the sell-off
from bar 25 into the close.

Figure PI.1
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
49
Since most reversal attempts fail, traders often fade them. Bar 22 was a strong
bear trend bar in a bull trend, and many traders bought its close. Their ﬁrst tar-
get was a move to the high of the bar, which occurred two bars later, and then a
measured move up, which was reached by the end of the day.
The bear bar after bar 5 was a breakout mode setup. Since it was a bear bar
after a bull breakout above the bar 3 swing high, it was a failed breakout short
setup. It was also a one-bar pullback in a bull breakout, so it was a high 1 breakout
pullback buy setup. In this case, since the three-bar bull spike was so strong, it
was more likely that the bulls would outnumber the bears both below and above
the bar. Some bought at the low of the bear inside bar with limit orders, whereas
others bought above it and above bar 6 with stop orders.

50
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure PI.2
FIGURE PI.2
Low-Volume Bull Breakout in a Bear Trend
As shown in Figure PI.2, the Emini was in a bear trend on the 60 minute chart on the
left and many traders looked to buy a measured move down, based on the height
of the initial spike down from bar 1 to bar 2. The bears bought back their shorts
to take proﬁts, and aggressive bulls bought to initiate longs, expecting a possible
trend reversal and test of the start of the bear channel (the lower swing high after
bar 2). The chance of at least two legs up was increased by the reversal down from
the bar 3 moving average gap bar and break above the bear trend line (reversals are
covered in the third book).
The 5 minute chart on the right reversed up after falling one tick below the
60 minute measured move target (bar 4 is the same time on both charts). Bar 5 was a
large bull reversal bar with a small tail, and bulls were hopeful for a strong reversal
up. However, the bar had only 23,000 contracts, or about three times as many as an
average 5 minute bar. When the average 5 minute bar has 5,000 to 10,000 contracts,
most bull reversals with protracted follow-through have about 5 to 10 times that
volume, or at least 40,000 to 50,000 contracts. The most reliable bars have over
100,000 contracts. Traders do not have to worry about volume because the chart
will tell them what they need to know, but seeing huge volume on a large trend
bar that is breaking out increases the chances that there will be follow-through and
usually at least some kind of measured move. When there is a strong bear trend

Figure PI.2
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
51
and the reversal up goes for only two bars and then pulls back, and the second bar
up has a large tail, the reversal is not strong. More experienced traders can look
at the volume and see it as another sign that the reversal is not strong, or they can
look at the 60 minute chart and see the strong bear trend. However, all day traders
need to see is the 5 minute chart to place their trades. They would have bought
bar 5 as it was forming, as it closed, and above its high. They would have also
bought the bar 7 ioi (inside-outside-inside) pattern, high 4 bull ﬂag at the moving
average. Since they were buying a strong bull move, they should have assumed
that they had at least a 60 percent chance of making a reward that was at least as
large as their risk. They could have chosen a two-point stop, since that worked well
lately, and then used a two-point proﬁt target. Another trader who bought at the
bar 5 close might have been willing to risk to below the bar 5 low (about four
points), and his proﬁt taking target might have been as many points as he had to
risk. The stop for the trader who bought above bar 7 would have been below the
low of bar 7 or below the bar before it. Her risk was about two points, and she could
have held for either two points or for a move above the bar 6 high (here, it was also
about two points).


C H A P T E R 1
Example of
How to Trade
a Breakout
M
any beginners ﬁnd breakouts difﬁcult to trade because the market moves
fast, requiring quick decisions, and often has large bars, which means that
there is more risk and traders then have to reduce their position size. How-
ever, if a trader learns to identify one that is likely to be successful, the trader’s
equation can be very strong.
53

54 
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 1.1
FIGURE 1.1 Breakouts Are Reliable Setups
When a chart discussion runs for multiple pages, remember that you can go to the
Wiley website (www.wiley.com/go/tradingtrends) and either view the chart or print
it out, allowing you to read the description in the book without having to repeatedly
ﬂip pages back to see the chart.
Successful breakouts, like the bull breakouts in Figure 1.1, have excellent math,
but can be emotionally very difﬁcult to trade. They happen quickly and traders in-
stinctively know that the risk is to the bottom of the spike (they put their protective
stop at one tick below the low of the lowest bar in the bull spike, like below bar 14),
which is often more than their usual risk tolerance. They want a pullback but know
it will likely not come until the market is higher, and they are afraid to buy at the
market because they are buying at the top of a spike. If the market reverses on the
next tick, they will have bought at the top of a spike and their protective stop is
very far away. However, what they often fail to appreciate is that the math is on
their side. Once there is a strong spike in a breakout like this, the probability of at
least a measured move up based on the height of the spike is at least 60 percent and
may even sometimes be 80 percent. This means that they have at least a 60 percent
chance of making at least as much as their initial risk, and if the spike continues
to grow after they enter, their risk stays the same but the measured move target
gets higher and higher. For example, if traders bought at the close of bar 15 on the
5 minute chart of the 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures in Figure 1.1, they would

Figure 1.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A BREAKOUT
55
risk to one tick (one 64th of a point) below the bottom of the two-bar spike, which
is one tick below the bar 14 low, or seven ticks below the entry price. At this point,
since the traders believed that the market was always-in long, they thought that
there was at least a 60 percent chance of it being higher within a few bars. They
should also have assumed that there would be at least a measured move up. Since
the spike was six ticks tall, the market had at least a 60 percent chance of trading
up at least six ticks before falling to their protective stops.
At the close of bar 19, the spike had grown to 17 ticks tall and since it was still
a breakout spike, there was still at least a 60 percent chance of at least a measured
move up. If traders were ﬂat at this point, they could have bought small positions
at the market and risked to one tick below the bar 14 bottom of the spike, or 18
ticks, to make 16 ticks (if the market went 17 ticks higher, they could get out with
16 ticks of proﬁt). The traders who bought the bar 15 close were still risking seven
ticks to below the bar 14 low, but now had a 60 percent chance of the market trading
17 ticks above the bar 19 high, which would be about a 28-tick proﬁt (14 32nds). The
spike ended at bar 19, once the next bar was a bear inside bar instead of another
strong bull trend bar. This was the ﬁrst in a series of pullbacks in the channel phase
of the bull trend. Bar 24 went above the measured move target, and the market
traded even higher about an hour later.
In practice, most traders would have tightened their stops as the spike grew, so
they would have risked less than what was just discussed. Many traders who bought
the bar 15 close might have raised their stops to below bar 17 once it closed because
they would not have wanted the market to fall below such a strong bull trend bar. If
it did, they would have believed that their premise was wrong and they would not
want to risk a larger loss. When bar 19 closed and traders saw that it was a strong
bull trend bar, many might have put their protective stops in the micro measuring
gap created by the bar 17 breakout. The low of bar 18 was above the high of bar 16,
and this gap is a sign of strength. Traders would want the market to continue up and
not trade below bar 18 and into the gap, so some traders would have trailed their
stop to below the bar 18 low. Many experienced traders use spikes to press their
trades. They add to their longs as the spike continues up, because they know that
the spike has an exceptional trader’s equation and that the great opportunity will
be brief. A trader needs to be aggressive when the market is offering trades with
strong trader’s equations. He also needs to trade little or not at all when it does not,
like in a tight trading range.
The bull spike up from bar 5 ﬂipped the market to always-in long for most
traders. When the market traded above the bar 11 wedge bear ﬂag high, it was
likely to have approximately a measured move up. Bar 15 was a second consecutive
strong bull trend bar and conﬁrmed the breakout in the minds of many traders. Both
bars 14 and 15 were strong bull trend bars with good-sized bodies and without sig-
niﬁcant tails. There was good buying pressure all of the way up from the bar 5 low,
as seen by many strong bull trend bars, little overlap, and only a few bear trend bars

56
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 1.1
and the absence of consecutive strong bear trend bars. The market might have been
in the early stages of a bull trend, and smart traders were looking for a bull break-
out. They were eager to get long once bars 14 and 15 broke out, and traders kept
buying relentlessly in pieces all the way up to the bar 19 high.
The most important thing that traders must force themselves to do, and it is
usually difﬁcult, is as soon as they believe that there is a reliable breakout spike,
they must take at least a small position. When they feel themselves hoping for a
pullback but fearing that it won’t come for many more bars, they should assume
that the breakout is strong. They must decide where a worst-case protective stop
would be, which is usually relatively far away, and use that as their stop. Because
the stop will be large, their initial position should be small if they are entering late.
Once the market moves in their direction and they can tighten their stop, they can
look to add to their position, but should never exceed their normal risk level. When
everyone wants a pullback, it usually will not come for a long time. This is because
everyone believes that the market will soon be higher but they do not necessarily
believe that it will be lower anytime soon. Smart traders know this and therefore
they start buying in pieces. Since they have to risk to the bottom of the spike, they
buy small. If their risk is three times normal, they will buy only one-third of their
usual size to keep their absolute risk within their normal range. When the strong
bulls keep buying in small pieces, this buying pressure works against the forma-
tion of a pullback. The strong bears see the trend and they, too, believe that the
market will soon be higher. If they think it will be higher soon, they will stop look-
ing to short. It does not make sense for them to short if they think that they can
short at a better price after a few more bars. So the strong bears are not shorting
and the strong bulls are buying in small pieces, in case there is no pullback for a
long time.
What is the result? The market keeps working higher. Since you need to be do-
ing what the smart traders are doing, you need to buy at least a small amount at
the market or on a one- or two-tick pullback and risk to the bottom of the spike.
Even if the pullback begins on the next tick, the odds are that it won’t fall too far
before smart bulls see it as value and they buy aggressively. Remember, everyone is
waiting to buy a pullback, so when it ﬁnally comes it will only be small and not last
long. All of those traders who have been waiting to buy will see this as the opportu-
nity that they wanted. The result is that your position will once again be proﬁtable
very soon. Once the market goes high enough, you can look to take partial proﬁts
or you can look to buy more on a pullback, which will probably be at a price above
your original entry. The important point is that as soon as you decide that buying a
pullback is a great idea, you should do exactly what the strong bulls are doing and
buy at least a small position at the market.
Some traders like to buy breakouts as the market moves above a prior swing
high, entering on a buy stop at one tick above the old high. In general, the reward is

Figure 1.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A BREAKOUT
57
greater, the risk is smaller, and the probability of success is higher when entering
on pullbacks. If traders buy these breakouts, they usually will then have to hold
through a pullback before they can make much proﬁt. It is usually better to buy
the pullback than the breakout. For example, rather than buying above bar 6 as the
market moved up to bar 9, the trader’s equation was probably stronger for a buy
above the bar 10 pullback instead.
The same is true for the bar 11 move above bar 9. With every breakout, traders
have to decide if it will succeed or fail. If they believe that it will succeed, they will
look to buy the close of the breakout or follow-through bars, at and below the low
of the prior bar, and above the high of the prior bar. If they believe that it will fail,
they will not buy and if they are long, they will exit their positions. If they believe
that the failure will trade down far enough for a scalp, they might go short for a
scalp. If they think that the failure will lead to a trend reversal, they might look to
swing a short down. In this particular case, as the market moved strongly above the
bar 9 and bar 11 double top, it was reasonable to buy the breakout, but traders who
bought the close of bar 15 entered around the same price and had a more sound
reason to take the trade (buying the close of a strong bull trend bar in a strong
bull spike).
If any bull trend or breakout that does not look quite strong enough to buy
near the top of the spike, like on the close of the most recent bar, the trader’s
equation is stronger if traders instead wait to buy pullbacks. Bar 22 was the second
bar of a breakout from an ii pattern and therefore the beginning of a possible ﬁnal
ﬂag reversal setup. This was likely a minor buy climax (discussed in book 3 in
the chapter on climax reversals). At this point, the trader’s equation was stronger
for buying a pullback than for buying the close of bar 22. The same was true for
bar 24. As a trend becomes more two-sided, it is better to look to buy pullbacks.
Once the two-side trading becomes strong enough and the prior pullbacks have
been deeper and lasted for more than ﬁve bars or so, traders can begin to short for
scalps, like at the two bar reversal at bar 24 (shorting below the low of then bear
bar that followed). After the market has transitioned into a trading range, the bears
will begin to short for swing trades, expecting deeper pullbacks and a possible
trend reversal.
Other examples of breakout pullback buy setups in this bull trend include the
bar 8 high 2 bull ﬂag (a pullback from the rally to bar 6, which broke out of the
bear channel from bar 3 to bar 5), the bar 12 high 2 at the moving average (bar 11
broke above the trading range and out of the bar 10 high 1 bull ﬂag; the ﬁrst push
down was the bear bar that formed two bars after bar 11), the bar 14 outside up bar
(traders could have bought as it went outside up, but the probability of success was
higher if they bought above bar 14, because it was a bull trend bar), the bar 20 ii, the
high 2 at bar 23 (bar 23 was the entry bar), and the bar 25 high 2 (all double bottoms
are high 2 patterns). The signal bar is more reliable when it has a bull body.

58
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 1.1
In general, whenever there is an initial pullback in a trend that has just become
strongly always-in long, a trader should immediately place a buy stop to buy above
the high of the spike. This is because many traders are afraid to buy below the
low of the prior bar or above a high 1, thinking that the market might have a two-
legged pullback. However, if they wait for a two-legged pullback, they will miss
many of the very strongest trends. To prevent themselves from being trapped out
of a strong trend, traders need to get into the habit of placing that last-ditch buy
stop. If they buy the high 1, they can cancel their buy stop. But if they miss the
earlier entries, at least they will get into the trend, which is what they need to do.
By bar 19, the trend was clearly very strong and was likely to continue up for about
a measured move based on the height of the spike. As soon as the market gave
a sign of a possible pullback, traders needed to place their worst-case entry buy
stop orders above the spike high. The bar after bar 19 was a bear trend bar and a
possible start of a pullback. They needed to place a buy stop at one tick above the
bar 19 high, in case the trend quickly resumed. If they instead bought the bar 20 ii
high 1 setup, they would have canceled the buy stop above bar 19. However, if they
missed buying the high 1 for any reason, at least they would have been swept into
the trend as the market moved to the new high. Their initial protective stop would
have been below the most recent minor pullback, which was the bar 20 low.
Bar 24 was a two-bar bull spike and the third consecutive buy climax without
a correction. There was not enough time left in the day for a 10-bar, two-legged
correction, so not many bears were willing to short it, especially since the move up
from bars 5 and 12 had had so little selling pressure. However, some bulls used it as
an opportunity to take proﬁts, which turned out to be a reasonable decision, since
the market did not get back above its high for the rest of the day.
Traders know that most attempts to reverse a trend fail, and many like to fade
the attempts. The bar before bar 12 was a large bear trend bar, which was a break
below the trend line and an attempt to reverse down from the bar 11 bull breakout.
Bulls bought the close of the bear trend bar, expecting a move back up to its high,
and probably a measured move up equal to the height of the bar. Once they saw
that bar 12 had a bull close, they bought the close of bar 12 and above its high. A
successful bear breakout usually is followed by another bear trend bar or at least
a doji bar, and if there is instead a bull body, even a small one, the odds of a failed
breakout attempt become higher, especially when the bar is at the moving average
in a bull trend. The bears wanted a bear channel after the bear spike, or some other
type of bear trend, but the bulls saw the bear spike as an opportunity to buy during
a brief discount. Bear spikes, especially on daily charts, can be due to news items,
but most fail to have follow-through, and the longer-term bullish fundamentals win
out, leading to a failed bear breakout and a resumption of the bull trend. The bears
get excited and hopeful because of the terrible news, but the news is usually a one-
day minor event and trivial compared to the sum of all of the fundamentals.

Figure 1.2
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A BREAKOUT
59
FIGURE 1.2
Breakout Pullback
Figure 1.2 shows that when a bull swing has a breakout to the upside, the market
usually tests back into the breakout gap. The market sold off down to bar 8 and then
reversed up. Bar 12 was a second-entry moving average gap bar short, but it failed.
Instead of testing the bear low, the market broke to the upside on bar 13. The low
of the bar after the breakout bar and the high of the bar 11 breakout point created a
breakout gap. Either its middle or the high of the ﬁrst leg up to bar 11 could lead to
a measured move up. After the bar 13 spike up, there was a tight four-bar channel
that ended at bar 15 and then a test down to the bottom of the channel. The bar 19
test also tested into the breakout gap, which usually happens in these situations.
The selloff from bar 5 to bar 8 had no pullbacks, and the bar after bar 8 was
the ﬁrst bar that traded above the high of the prior bar. Why would experienced
traders ever buy back their highly proﬁtable shorts when the ﬁrst pullback in a
strong trend usually fails? They have learned that they should always look for rea-
sons to take partial or full proﬁts, especially when they are large, because those
proﬁts can vanish quickly, especially after a possible sell climax. Here, there were
three consecutive sell climaxes (the moves down to bars 6, 7, and 8), and the inside
bar after bar 7 was a potential ﬁnal ﬂag (these patterns are discussed in book 3).
The odds were high that the market would correct up for about 10 bars, probably
to the moving average, the bar 4 low, or even the bar 5 high. The bears saw this as
a great opportunity to lock in their proﬁts around bar 8, expecting at least a 10-bar

60
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 1.2
rally, and then look to sell again much higher, if a sell setup developed. The move
up was so strong that there was no sell pattern, and the bears were happy that they
wisely took their proﬁts, and they were not concerned about the absence of another
good chance to short. Had they held onto their shorts, all of their proﬁts would have
turned into losses. Proﬁt taking is the cause of the ﬁrst pullback in any strong trend.
The bears who missed the selloff were hoping for a pullback that would allow them
to short, but they never got that opportunity.
The bears who missed the selloff to bar 4, or who took proﬁts at bar 4 and were
looking to sell again on a pullback, got their chance at the bar 5 low 2 at the moving
average. It had a bear body and was also a 20-gap bar short setup (discussed later
in this book).

C H A P T E R 2
Signs of Strength
in a Breakout
T
he minimum criterion for a breakout to be successful is that a trader could en-
ter on the breakout and make at least a scalper’s proﬁt. The strongest break-
outs will result in strong trends that can last for dozens of bars. There are
early signs that increase the likelihood that a breakout will be strong enough to
run to one or more measured move targets. For example, the more of the fol-
lowing characteristics that a bull breakout has, the more likely the breakout will
be strong:
r The breakout bar has a large bull trend body and small tails or no tails. The
larger the bar, the more likely the breakout will succeed.
r If the volume is 10 to 20 times the average volume of recent bars, the chance of
follow-through buying and a possible measured move increases.
r The spike goes very far, lasts several bars, and breaks several resistance lev-
els like the moving average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by
many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the breakout bar is forming, it spends most of its time near
its high and the pullbacks are small (less than a quarter of the height of the
growing bar).
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to buy but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The next two or three bars also have bull bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies. Even if the bodies are relatively small
and the tails are prominent, if the follow-through bar (the bar after the initial
breakout bar) is large, the odds of the trend continuing are greater.
61

62
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so.
r As a bull breakout goes above a prior signiﬁcant swing high, the move above
the high goes far enough for scalpers to make a proﬁt if they entered on a stop
at one tick above that swing high.
r One or more bars in the spike has a low that is at or just one tick below the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is above the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its high or just one tick below
its high.
r The low of the bar after a bull trend bar is at or above the high of the bar before
the bull trend bar, creating a micro gap, which is a sign of strength. These gaps
sometimes become measuring gaps. Although it is not signiﬁcant to trading,
they probably represent the space between a smaller time frame Elliott wave 1
high and a wave 4 pullback, which can touch but not overlap.
r The overall context makes a breakout likely, like the resumption of a trend
after a pullback, or a higher low or lower low test of the bear low after a strong
break above the bear trend line.
r The market has had several strong bull trend days recently.
r There was growing buying pressure in the trading range, represented by many
large bull trend bars, and the bull trend bars were clearly more prominent than
the bear trend bars in the range.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars of breaking out.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bear reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not reach the breakout point and does not hit a
breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and highs. For example, when there
is a bear channel and a large bull bar forms, this breakout bar has a high and
close that are above the highs and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bull bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by its high.
The more of the following characteristics that a bull breakout has, the more
likely it will fail and lead to either a trading range or a reversal:
r The breakout bar has a small or average-size bull trend body and a large tail
on top.
r The next bar has a bear body and is either a bear reversal bar or a bear inside
bar; that bar closes on or near its low, and the body is about the size of the

SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
63
average bodies of the bars before the breakout (not just a one-tick-tall bear
body).
r The overall context makes a breakout unlikely, like a rally to test the high of a
trading range day, but the rally has bear bars, many overlapping bars, bars with
prominent tails, and a couple of pullbacks along the way.
r The market has been in a trading range for several days.
r The bar after the breakout bar is a strong bear reversal bar or a bear inside bar.
r The bar after a bull trend bar has a low that is below the high of the bar before
the bull trend bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs two bars after the reversal.
r The pullback extends for several bars.
r The trend resumption after the pullback stalls and the market forms a lower
high with a bear signal bar.
r The spike breaks above a resistance level like a swing high, a bear trend line,
or a bull trend channel line by only a tick or so and then reverses down.
r The spike barely breaks above a single resistance level but pulls back before
breaking above other levels that are just a little higher.
r A trader who bought on a stop above a prior swing high would not be able to
make a scalper’s proﬁt before there was a pullback.
r As the breakout bar is forming, it pulls back more than two-thirds of the height
of the bar.
r As the breakout bar is forming, it pulls back for at least a third of its height two
or more times.
r The pullback falls below the breakout point. There are no gaps between the
low of any bar and the high of the bar two bars earlier.
r The pullback falls below the low of the ﬁrst bar of the spike.
r The pullback hits the breakeven stop.
r There is a sense of confusion. You feel like you are not certain whether the
breakout will succeed or fail.
The opposite of all of the preceding is true for bear breakouts. The more of the
following characteristics that a bear breakout has, the more likely the breakout will
be strong:
r The breakout bar has a large bear trend body and small tails or no tails. The
larger the bar, the more likely the breakout will succeed.
r If the volume is 10 to 20 times the average volume of recent bars, the chance of
follow-through selling and a possible measured move down increases.
r The spike goes very far, lasts several bars, and breaks several support lev-
els like the moving average, prior swing lows, and trend lines, and each by
many ticks.

64
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
r As the ﬁrst bar of the breakout bar is forming, it spends most of its time near its
low and the pullbacks are small (less than a quarter of the height of the growing
bar).
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to sell but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The next two or three bars also have bear bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies. Even if the bodies are relatively small
and the tails are prominent, if the follow-through bar (the bar after the initial
breakout bar) is large, the odds of the trend continuing are greater.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so.
r As a bear breakout goes below a prior signiﬁcant swing low, the move below
the low goes far enough for scalpers to make a proﬁt if they entered on a stop
at one tick below that swing low.
r One or more bars in the spike has a high that is at or just one tick above the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is below the close of the prior
bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its low or just one tick above
its low.
r The high of the bar after a bear trend bar is at or below the low of the bar before
the bear trend bar, creating a micro gap, which is a sign of strength. These gaps
sometimes become measuring gaps. Although it is not signiﬁcant to trading,
they probably represent the space between a smaller time frame Elliott wave 1
low and a wave 4 pullback, which can touch but not overlap.
r The overall context makes a breakout likely, like the resumption of a trend
after a pullback, or a lower high or higher high test of the bull high after a
strong break below the bull trend line.
r The market has had several strong bear trend days recently.
r There was growing selling pressure in the trading range, represented by many
large bear trend bars, and the bear trend bars were clearly more prominent
than the bull trend bars in the range.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars of breaking out.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bull reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not reach the breakout point and does not hit a
breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and lows. For example, when there
is a bull channel and a large bear bar forms, this breakout bar has a low and
close that are below the lows and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bear bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by its low.

SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
65
The more of the following characteristics that a bear breakout has, the more
likely it will fail and lead to either a trading range or a reversal:
r The breakout bar has a small or average-size bear trend body and a large tail
on the bottom.
r The next bar has a bull body and is either a bull reversal bar or a bull inside bar;
that bar closes on or near its high, and the body is about the size of the average
bodies of the bars before the breakout (not just a one-tick-tall bull body).
r The overall context makes a breakout unlikely, like a sell-off to test the low of
a trading range day, but the sell-off has bull bars, many overlapping bars, bars
with prominent tails, and a couple of pullbacks along the way.
r The market has been in a trading range for several days.
r The bar after the breakout bar is a strong bull reversal bar or a bull inside bar.
r The bar after a bear trend bar has a high that is above the low of the bar before
the bear trend bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs two bars after the reversal.
r The pullback extends for several bars.
r The trend resumption after the pullback stalls, and the market forms a higher
low with a bull signal bar.
r The spike breaks below a support level like a swing low, a bull trend line, or a
bear trend channel line by only a tick or so and then reverses up.
r The spike barely breaks below a single support level but pulls back before
breaking below other levels that are just a little lower.
r A trader who shorted on a stop below a prior swing low would not be able to
make a scalper’s proﬁt before there was a pullback.
r As the breakout bar is forming, it pulls back more than two-thirds of the height
of the bar.
r As the breakout bar is forming, it pulls back for at least a third of its height two
or more times.
r The pullback rallies above the breakout point. There are no gaps between the
high of any bar and the low of the bar two bars earlier.
r The pullback rallies above the high of the ﬁrst bar of the spike.
r The pullback hits the breakeven stop.
r There is a sense of confusion. You feel like you are not certain whether the
breakout will succeed or fail.
To a trader, the breakout implies strength and a possible new trend. It follows a
period of two-sided trading where the bulls and bears both agree that there is value
and both are willing to take positions. During the breakout, they both now agree
that the market should ﬁnd value at another price and the breakout is a fast move
in search of that new price. The market prefers uncertainty and quickly moves in
search of it. A breakout is a period of certainty. Bulls and bears are certain that the

66
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
prices within the breakout are too high in a bear breakout or too low in a bull break-
out, and the odds of follow-through are usually about 60 to 70 percent. The market
moves quickly in search of a price level where both the bulls and bears agree there
is value for them to initiate trades. This means that there is once again uncertainty,
and no one knows which side will win and succeed in creating the next breakout.
Uncertainty is the hallmark of a trading range, so a breakout is a search for a trad-
ing range, for uncertainty, and a 50 percent directional probability of an equidistant
move. The channel that follows the spike usually creates an approximate top and
bottom of the trading range that typically follows. As the market is moving up in
the channel, the directional probability of an equidistant move erodes and it actu-
ally favors a reversal when it reaches the end of the channel. This is because trading
range breakouts generally fail and the odds favor a move back into the middle of
the range where the directional probability is neutral. That middle of the range is
the target of the breakout, and its location is unknown until after it forms.
A breakout begins with a trend bar, which can be large or small, but it is usu-
ally at least somewhat large compared to the size of the recent bars. Remember,
all trend bars should be viewed as breakouts, spikes, gaps, and climaxes. When it
is small, it is easy to dismiss its importance, but if it is followed by some sideways
price action and then a steady directional move, a breakout is underway. The eas-
iest breakouts to spot occur when an unusually large trend bar quickly moves the
market out of a trading range and it is soon followed by other trend bars in the same
direction. Whether the breakout is a single trend bar or a series of trend bars, it is
a spike. As mentioned earlier, almost all trends can be considered to be some type
of spike and channel trend. For example, if a bull breakout bar has a strong close
and the next several bars also have strong closes, small or nonexistent tails, and
trending highs and lows (no pullback bars), and there is very little overlap between
the bodies of consecutive bull trend bars, then the market will likely be higher than
it is at the current moment at some point before the market reverses back beyond
the start of the breakout move. If the trend continues, eventually its momentum
will slow and there will generally be some type of channel.
One of the most important concepts in trading is that most breakouts fail. Be-
cause of this, entering on every breakout in the direction of the breakout is a losing
strategy. However, there are often price action events that increase the likelihood
that a breakout will succeed. For example, if there is a strong bear trend and then
a two-legged rally to the moving average, going short on the downside breakout of
this bear ﬂag is a sensible trade. However, if the market is not in a trend and there
are lots of overlapping bars and many bars with large tails, the market is in balance.
Both the bulls and the bears are comfortable taking positions and a trading range
is developing. If the market then has a bull trend bar that extends to the top of or
even above the trading range, the bears who were happy to sell in the middle of the
range are going to be even more aggressive at this better price. Also, the bulls who

SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
67
were happy to buy in the middle of the range will become hesitant to buy higher
and instead will be quick to exit at the top of the range. This behavior by the bulls
and the bears creates a magnetic pull in the middle of the range, and the result is
that most of the trading will be in the middle of the range. Even once the market
successfully breaks out and travels for maybe a measured move equal to the height
of the range, the magnetic pull will still tend to draw the market back into the range.
This is what makes ﬁnal ﬂag reversals so reliable (discussed in book 3).
If you look at any chart, you will notice lots of bull and bear trend bars with rel-
atively large bodies and small tails. Each of these is a breakout attempt and almost
all fail to lead to a trend, and instead the trading range continues. On a 5 minute
Emini chart, these probably represent buy and sell programs trying to move the
market. Some algorithms are designed to fade these trend bars, expecting most to
fail. Experienced traders will do this as well when they believe that the breakout
will probably fail. For example, if there is a breakout in the form of a large bull
trend bar, these programs might short on the close of the bar, above its high, on the
close of the next bar or two, or below their lows. If enough program trading dollars
come in on the fade side (the sell side), they will overwhelm those programs that
are trying to initiate the bull trend, and the trading range will continue. Eventually,
a breakout will succeed. The breakout bar will be large, the pullbacks as the bar
is forming will be small, and the breakout will have good follow-through over the
next several bars. The programs that are trying to fade the move are failing and
they will cover their losing positions and drive the trend further. The strength will
attract other trend traders, many of whom are momentum traders and quickly enter
whenever they see momentum.
Once everyone is convinced that the market is now trending, it might go far
before there is a pullback. Why is that? Consider an example of a market breaking
into a strong bull trend with a spike formed by three strong bull trend bars. Traders
believe that the market will be higher at some point before long and they are not
conﬁdent that it will be lower within the next few bars. This makes bears buy back
their shorts, lifting the market even more. Bulls who are underinvested believe the
market is going higher in the near term and that they will make more money by
simply buying at the market or on a two- or three-tick pullback than they would if
they waited for an eight- or 10-tick pullback or a pullback to the moving average.
This also lifts the market. Since bulls and bears are both essentially buying at the
market as it is going up, the pullback never comes, or at least it does not come for
ﬁve or more bars after the market is well above the current price.
This is discussed in more detail in Chapter 8, but traders are willing to buy at
the market at any time in a breakout because they believe that the odds are better
than 50–50 that they will make at least as many points as they are risking. When
the breakout is strong, the probability is usually 60 to 70 percent or more. If they
buy the 5 minute Emini on the high tick when the top of the spike is four points

68
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
above the low of the spike, they believe that the odds are probably 60 percent or
better that the market will go up four more points before their four-point stop is
hit. How can you be sure of this? Because it is mathematically unwise to have your
risk equal your reward if the chance of success is much less than 60 percent, and
institutions would therefore not be taking this trade. Since the market is still going
up, then institutions are taking the trade. Since the trade remains valid as long as
the market stays above the bottom of the spike, they are risking to the bottom of
the spike. They know that the spike usually goes up to about a measured move, so
their proﬁt target, which is their reward, is equal to their risk. If the spike grows
another two points before pausing, the spike is then six points tall. If that is the
end of the spike, they will assume that there is about a 60 percent chance that the
market will go another six points higher before it falls six points. This means that
all of the bulls who bought lower have a 60 percent chance that the market will go
another six points higher before their four-point stop is hit. For example, the bulls
who bought when the spike was four points tall are now risking four points to make
a total of eight points on a 60 percent bet, which is a great mathematical situation.
They expect that the market has a 60 percent chance of testing six points above the
close of the spike, which is two points above their entry, giving them an eight-point
proﬁt target.
When a breakout is successful and leads to a trend, the momentum slows af-
ter the initial fast move, and signs of two-sided trading develop, like overlapping
bars, increasing tails, trend bars in the opposite direction, and pullback bars. Even
though the trend may continue for a long time, this part of the trend usually gets
retraced and becomes part of a trading range. For example, in a spike and chan-
nel bull trend pattern, the spike is the breakout and the channel usually becomes
the ﬁrst leg of a trading range and therefore will usually be retraced. Typically, the
market eventually pulls back all the way to the start of the channel, completing
the second leg of the incipient trading range. In the example of that bull breakout,
the market will then usually try to bounce off that support. This results in a dou-
ble bottom bull ﬂag that sometimes leads to a breakout above the new range, and
other times it evolves into a protracted trading range like a tight trading range or a
triangle. Less often, it is followed by a reversal.
On the 5 minute Emini chart, there are usually many attempts to break out
every day but most fail after one or two trend bars. They most likely represent the
start of a program trade by some institution, but they get overwhelmed by opposite
programs by other institutions. When enough institutions have programs running
in the same direction at the same time, their programs will be able to move the
market to a new price level and the breakout will be successful. However, nothing
is ever 100 percent certain and even the strongest breakouts fail about 30 percent of
the time.

SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
69
When a breakout is very strong, there will be three or more trend bars with
small tails and very little overlap. This means that traders are not waiting for a
signiﬁcant pullback. They are afraid that there might not be a pullback until after
the market has run a long way, and they want to be certain to capture at least part
of the trend. They will enter at the market and on tiny pullbacks of one or two
ticks, and their relentless orders will give the trend strength and work against the
formation of a signiﬁcant pullback.
The breakout bars often have large volume and sometimes they will have 10 to
20 times the volume of an average bar. The higher the volume and the more bars in
the spike, the more likely it is that there will be signiﬁcant follow-through. Prior to
the breakout, both the bulls and the bears were scaling into their positions, ﬁghting
over control of the market and each trying to create a successful breakout in their
direction. Once there is a clear breakout, the losing side will cover their large po-
sition quickly with a loss, and the winning side will enter even more aggressively.
The result is one or more trend bars, often with high volume. Volume is not al-
ways especially high but when it is 10 or more times the average of the recent bars,
the probability of a successful breakout, meaning that there will be follow-through
for many bars, is higher. Also, volume can be unusually high on breakouts that fail
within a few bars, but this is less common. Volume is not reliable enough to warrant
following it, and the large trend bars that comprise the spike will already tell you
whether the breakout is likely to be successful. Trying to think about the volume in
addition will, more often than not, distract you and hinder your ability to trade at
your best.
All successful breakouts should be viewed as spikes, since most are followed
by channels and create a spike and channel trend pattern. However, the breakout
can also fail and the trading range that preceded it then becomes a ﬁnal ﬂag, if it was
a ﬂag in a trend. In fact, most breakouts do fail but the breakout bar is so unremark-
able that most traders don’t even realize that there was an attempted breakout. Less
commonly, the market can enter a tight trading range after the breakout, and this
is usually followed by trend resumption, but sometimes the breakout of that tight
trading range can be in the other direction, resulting in a reversal.
A breakout can be a single large trend bar or a series of large or small trend
bars, and the breakout usually becomes part of one of the trend patterns previously
discussed. For example, if there is a “trend from the open” bear trend, it is likely
a breakout below a pattern from the previous day. If the trend is orderly, it might
be followed by a tight trading range for several hours and then the day could turn
into a trend resumption bear into the close. If instead the breakout is accelerating
to the downside with each bar resulting in a steeper slope, and the chart assumes a
parabolic and therefore climactic look, it might be followed by a pullback and then
a channel. The day could become a spike and channel bear trend day.

70
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Sometimes, after the market has been in a strong trend for many bars, it creates
an unusually large trend bar in the direction of the trend. That large bar typically
either becomes a breakout into an even steeper, stronger trend, or at least another
leg in the trend, or can signify a climactic end of the trend. If the market pulls back
for a few bars and does not retrace too much of the breakout bar, the odds of the
breakout being successful are good, and traders will enter on the high 1 breakout
pullback if this was a bull breakout (or short a low 1 in a bear breakout).
The trend can continue even if the pullback retraces beyond the breakout point,
but the deeper the pullback, the more likely it is that the breakout will fail and
the market will reverse. In this case, the large bar will represent a climactic end
of the trend rather than a breakout. If the pullback is fairly deep, traders might
hesitate to enter with the trend for an hour or so. For example, if there is a large
bull trend bar that breaks above a swing high or trading range but the pullback
is fairly deep, maybe a little below the top of the swing high, traders will not be
certain if the breakout has failed or if the rally is just a little overdone. The bulls in
this case often will not buy for about 10 bars or so and the market will frequently
enter a small trading range. Instead of buying a high 1, they will likely wait for a
high 2, especially if it forms after an hour or so. If the trading range is holding above
the moving average and about an hour has passed, bulls will look to buy a two-
legged sideways or down pullback. Sometimes the sideways move is followed by a
second leg down. That second leg can lead to a new high, or to a trend reversal and
more selling.
Once there is a pullback, which is a small trading range, traders will look for
the trend to resume. The breakout from the pullback has an initial target of an
approximate measured move equal to about the height of the trading range. Many
traders will take partial or total proﬁts in that area, and aggressive countertrend
traders will initiate new positions.
The easiest breakout failures to spot are those where the market quickly re-
verses direction and does not make any signiﬁcant attempt to continue in the direc-
tion of the breakout. This is more likely to happen when there is other evidence of
a possible reversal, like a breakout above a trend channel line and then a reversal
down with a strong signal bar.
The breakout can be of anything, such as a trend line, a trading range, or the
high or low of the day or yesterday. It does not matter because they are all traded
the same. Fade it if it fails and reenter in the direction of the breakout if the reversal
attempt fails and therefore becomes a breakout pullback. Enter on the breakout
only if it is very strong. An example of this is if there is a strong bull trend and then
a two-bar pullback to a high 1 buy setup. Traders can buy at one tick above the high
of the prior bar, and they can buy more on a breakout to a new high by placing an
order to buy on a stop at one tick above the old high. Usually, however, it is better
to buy a pullback or to look to short a failed breakout.

SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
71
On most days, traders look at new swing highs and lows as possible fade setups.
On a strong trend day, however, the breakouts are usually on huge volume and
there is very little pullback even on a 1 minute chart. It is clear that the trend traders
are in control. For example, when a bull trend is that strong, price action traders
will be buying on high 1 and high 2 pullbacks instead of waiting for a breakout
above the prior high of the trend. They are always trying to minimize the risk of the
trade. However, once a strong trend is underway, entering with the trend for any
reason is a good trade. In a strong trend, every tick is a with-trend entry, so you can
simply enter at the market at any point and use a reasonable stop.
If there is a breakout with a large trend bar and the bar has not yet closed, you
have a decision to make. If you just scalped out of part of your trade and are now
thinking about swinging the remainder, always consider how much risk you have.
One way to help decide if you should continue to hold your swing position is to ask
yourself what you would do at this moment if you were not holding a position. If you
would be willing to enter at the market using a swing-size position and the swing
protective stop, then you should stay in your current swing position. If instead you
think that it would be too risky to enter at the market with that amount of risk, then
you should exit your swing position at the market.
When there is a breakout, both buyers and sellers see it as an opportunity. For
example, if the market has a swing high and then pulls back, both bulls and bears
will enter as the market moves above that prior swing high. Bulls will be buying
the breakout because they see it as a sign of strength and they believe the market
will go high enough above their entry for them to exit with a proﬁt. Bears will also
see the breakout as an opportunity to make money. For example, bears might sell
on a limit order at the level of that prior high or maybe a few ticks above it. If the
market reverses and comes down, they will look to exit with a proﬁt. If, however,
the market continues up, they will look to add to their short position if they think
the market might pull back to test the breakout. Since most pullbacks come all the
way back to the prior swing high, they can exit on that breakout test at about
breakeven on their ﬁrst entry and with a proﬁt on their second, higher entry.
When traders think of breakouts they usually immediately have the image of a
trading range. However, the breakout can be of anything. One common breakout
that many traders overlook is a ﬂag breaking out in the unexpected direction, like
a bear ﬂag breaking out of the top or a bull ﬂag breaking out of a bottom. For
example, if there is a reasonably strong bear trend and traders are not sure if a
tradable low is in and they see a bear ﬂag forming, they might start buying below
the low of the prior bars, expecting a low 1 and then a low 2 or even a low 3 to fail.
Sometimes the bear ﬂag will have a good shape and trigger the low 2 short or the
wedge bear ﬂag short and then immediately reverse up into one or two bull trend
bars. This breakout usually creates a measuring gap that leads to a measured move
up. Traders will enter on the breakout and on any small pullback; and since bears

72
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
were trapped, they will likely not be eager to short again until the market has had
at least two legs up. The opposite is true of bull ﬂags in bull trends.
There is a special type of breakout that sometimes occurs on trend days in the
ﬁnal hour. For example, if the market is trending down with no sign of a pullback,
there can be one or two large bear trend bars that break out of the bottom of the
bear channel. There may be a small pullback and then a second brief breakout to
a new low. At other times, the market just moves down into the close relentlessly
without large bear trend bars. What is likely happening in both cases is that risk
managers at trading ﬁrms are telling their traders who have been bottom picking
that they are on the wrong side of the market and that they have to sell out of their
positions at the market. The plunges usually do not have much follow-through since
they are mostly due to forced selling. There are likely some smart programmers
who anticipate this and try to capitalize on it by designing programs to go short
brieﬂy, increasing the size of the sell climax. Momentum programs are also part of
the strong trend. There may or may not be a bounce into the close after the one or
two sell climaxes. The opposite is true on days that end with strong bull spikes or
channels. The risk managers are telling their traders to buy back their losing shorts
before the close, and as the market is rising quickly, momentum programs detect
this and also buy relentlessly as long as the momentum continues.
One of the goals of traders is to do what the institutions are doing. Many break-
outs are made of large trend bars that have the biggest volume of the day. These are
times when the institutions are trading most heavily, and they are doing so because
they expect the move to have protracted follow-through. As scary and emotional as
the market can feel during a big breakout, the institutions see it as a great opportu-
nity, as indicated by the volume, and so should you. Try to learn to trade breakouts
because they have an excellent trader’s equation. If you have to, simply trade only
a quarter-size position (“I don’t care” size), just to get experience. The move will of-
ten be large enough that you can make as much as you do on a routine trade using
your full position size.

Figure 2.1
SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
73
FIGURE 2.1
Breakouts Happen Many Times Every Day
Breakouts of some type occur every few bars on every chart, as shown in
Figure 2.1 in the daily chart of the Euro/U.S. Dollar Forex. Strictly speaking, if the
high of a bar is above the high of any prior bar or the low of the bar is below the
low of any prior bar, it is a breakout of that bar. Also, every trend bar is a break-
out (remember from book 1, every trend bar is a spike, breakout, gap, and climax).
Many different types of breakouts and failures are highlighted on this chart.
Bar 1 broke above a trend channel line and was followed by a breakout below
its low on the next bar, setting up a two-bar reversal, which was triggered on the
bar 3 entry bar. Bar 2 was a second attempt to break out above the bull channel
and it broke out above another two-bar reversal but the breakouts failed and the
market reversed down.
Bar 4 was a breakout below a swing low and it was the sixth bar is a sell climax
down from bar 2. Since the range of the bar was large and it had small tails, it might
represent a sell climax that needed a correction before there was follow-through
selling. This turned out to be the case, because bar 5 was a strong bull reversal bar
that turned bar 4 into a failed breakout.
There was a two-legged pullback to the moving average and bar 8 broke out of
the bear ﬂag.
Bar 9 broke above the bear trend line.

74
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 2.1
Bar 10 broke above a swing high but the breakout failed when the next bar
traded below its low.
Bar 12 fell below the bar 9 entry bar and below the signal bar just before it.
Bar 13 tried to reverse back up and create a failed breakout, but that failed
breakout failed on the bar 14 reversal back down. Bar 14 was also a reversal
down from the failed breakout above a micro trend line and above a bull rever-
sal bar. When a failed breakout fails to reverse the market, it becomes a breakout
pullback.
The bar 16 break above the bear trend line failed and the bar reversed down
into an outside down reversal, falling below the bear ﬂag trend line of the prior
three bars.
Bars 16 to 18 created a four-bar breakout composed of strong bear trend bars
with large bodies, small tails, and very little overlap. The bulls who scaled into longs
within the trading range ﬁnally capitulated and not only stopped buying, but had to
sell out of their large long positions quickly without waiting for a pullback. They
were not conﬁdent that a pullback would come soon and were conﬁdent that the
market would be lower within a few bars. This means that getting out at the market
or on a tiny pullback within the bar was their best option. Their long liquidation
and their lack of buying for several bars contributed to the strength of the sell-off.
When a breakout is that strong, it usually is followed by a channel and often leads
to a measured move from the open of the ﬁrst bar to the close of the ﬁnal bar in
the spike. The bar 36 low was just below that measured move projection, and that
ended the channel. The market then usually works its way back up to test the ﬁrst
reasonable buy signal after the spike, which was the high of the bar 19 bull inside
bar. If it gets there, it next tries to test the start of the bear channel, which was the
bar 20 high.
Bar 20 was an attempt to make the four-bar breakout fail but when a breakout is
that strong, there is usually follow-through and the failure will typically fail and just
become a breakout pullback, as it did here. The market reversed back down just
shy of the bar 15 breakout point and the moving average. Whenever a market turns
back down without touching a resistance level, the bears are very strong because
they are not waiting for the resistance to be touched. The bears are afraid that the
bulls might not be able to get the market up there, so the bears have limit orders
just below. This is a sign of urgency by the bears. That gap between the breakout
point (the bar 15 low) and the breakout pullback (the bar 20 high) usually becomes
a measuring gap and often is the approximate midpoint of the move. The start of
the bear trend was the bar 2 high, and the market ultimately fell below the gap
by more than the number of points between the bar 2 high and the middle of the
measuring gap. The breakout and the strong reversal down on the breakout test
established the bear trend as very strong, and traders should only look for shorts
for the rest of the day. There might be a long scalp or two, but a trader should take

Figure 2.1
SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
75
them only if the trader is able to immediately reverse back to short as soon as a
bar falls below the low of the prior bar, indicating that the small pullback might
be ending. Incidentally, Elliott Wave traders see the pullback as the top of wave
4 and the breakout point as the bottom of wave 1. The two cannot overlap if the
downward wave 3 in between is in fact wave 3, which is usually the strongest wave
of the trend.
Bar 22 was a large-range bear bar that broke below the bottom of a four-bar
channel. It was arguably the third consecutive sell climax (the ﬁrst was bar 14 and
the second was the four-bar spike down to bar 18). The market usually has at least
a 10-bar, two-legged correction after two or three consecutive climaxes. Here, how-
ever, that four-bar bear spike was the overwhelming feature of the day and was the
beginning of a strong breakout. Yes, it was a spike and therefore a sell climax, but
it was so large that the character of the market changed and any counting has to
start all over. Once it formed, traders decided that there was going to be a strong
move down, and a channel is the most common pattern that follows a strong spike.
Channels often have three pushes before they correct, and this one did as well. The
three pushes were bars 18, 25, and 36, and they were followed by a weak rally into
the close.
Bar 23 was a reversal attempt after the bar 22 sell climax and overshoot through
the bottom of the three-bar bear channel. However, it is a mistake to be looking for
a long based on these few bars when the big picture is so bearish. The market is
always trying to reverse trends, and it is easy to get caught up in the emotion of a
bottoming pattern as it happens in real time; but you should never lose sight of the
big picture. That four-bar bear spike was very strong, and the always-in position is
still short. Any attempt at a bottom at this point will almost certainly result in a bear
ﬂag, as it did here. The market always has inertia, and when it is trending, expect
all reversal attempts to fail.
Bar 25 was a second attempt to reverse up after the breakout below the bars
20 to 21 channel. Since the signal bars for both attempts had strong bull bodies, the
market might test the moving average. Most traders should not take this trade and
instead should stay short. Too often, traders will scalp the countertrend trade for
a point and then do not reverse back to short, and they miss out on making four
or more points on the with-trend trade. It can be difﬁcult to change your mind-set
quickly back to short if you just went long, and if you cannot do this easily, do not
take the countertrend scalp and then miss the swing down.
Bar 26 broke out of the top of the channel, as expected.
Bar 27 broke above the bear trend line and above the bar 18 breakout point but
failed and reversed down on the next bar.
Bar 28 was a breakout of a three-bar bear ﬂag.
Bar 29 broke below the bar 26 long entry bar but it found buyers, as seen by the
large tail.

76
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 2.1
Bar 32 was another test of a bear trend line and therefore an attempted break-
out, but it failed.
Bar 35 was another large bear trend bar and therefore another possible sell
climax. When the market begins to form second and third sell climaxes within a
short time, it is likely to reverse for at least a two-legged correction.
Bar 36 broke below the measured move but did not ﬁnd sellers. Instead, it found
quiet trading, which might be signaling a failed breakout of the bars 22 to 34 bear
ﬂag. A horizontal bear ﬂag after a long bear trend often becomes a ﬁnal ﬂag and
is typically followed by at least two legs sideways to up. Bar 36 was also the third
push down in the bear channel and that usually leads to at least a reversal attempt.
The bar after bar 36 broke above the bar 36 high and became the entry bar for
the long.
Bar 37 was a bull breakout bar above the bear trend line.
Bar 38 broke above the strong bar 35 bear trend bar, and there were certainly
many buy stops for shorts above this bar because its large bear body represented
strong selling. Once the market got above its high, lots of bears decided that there
was no longer enough strength to stay short and they bought back their shorts
(short covering) into the close.

Figure 2.2
SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
77
FIGURE 2.2
Flags Can Break Out in the Less Likely Direction
Flags can sometimes break out in the unexpected direction and lead to measured
moves. In Figure 2.2, there was a failed wedge bear ﬂag that broke to the upside
on bar 9. The measuring gap between the high of the bar 7 breakout point and the
bar 10 breakout test led to an almost perfect measured move up.
Bar 3 was a low 1 short setup, but after three strong bull bodies and the bar 2
sell climax, it was likely to fail. Aggressive traders would have gone long on limit
buy orders at and below the bar 3 low. Bar 5 was an entry bar for a low 2 short,
but after the strong bar 4 outside up bar the market might have been making a low
of the day. Again, aggressive traders would have gone long at or below the low of
the low 2 signal bar. Bar 7 was a signal bar for a wedge bear ﬂag short, but the
market was in a bull channel and the bar 4 outside up bar made the always-in trade
long. Rather than short below bar 7, bears should have waited to see if the market
formed a lower high. Bulls went long above bar 8, expecting a measured move up
from the failed wedge bear ﬂag.
There was then a failed low 2 bear ﬂag buy setup above bar 22 and the entry
bar was a bull trend bar. This breakout also led to a measured move up. Bar 21 was
the bottom of a bear channel on a bull day and bar 22 was the breakout pullback
from that channel breakout, so alert traders thought that the low 2 had an excellent
chance of failing and leading to a test of the high of the day.

78
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 2.2
The low of bar 26 reversed the lows of the past 12 bars (it was below those
lows) and the closes of the past 13 bars. Its close reversed these same lows, which
is signiﬁcant because a close below a low is more of a sign of strength than simply
a low that is below a prior low. The more lows and closes that are reversed, the
stronger the reversal. Every trader who bought during those prior 12 bars is now
holding a loser and will look for any small bounce to sell out of his longs. Many sold
on the next bar and created the tail on the top of the bar. Also, those bulls will not
likely look to buy again for at least a few bars.

Figure 2.3
SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A BREAKOUT
79
FIGURE 2.3
Small Breakout Bar
As shown in Figure 2.3, although big breakout bars like bars 3 and 19 often lead
to big trends, sometimes a small breakout bar like bar 12 can be the start of a
protracted move. After the bar 9 bear spike, traders wondered if the rally to bar 11
might become a low 2 bear ﬂag at the moving average (bars 10 and 11 were two
pushes up). However, instead of breaking to the downside, the market broke above
the bar 10 and bar 11 double top (this made the rally a ﬁnal ﬂag, since it was the
ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear trend, even though it never broke to the downside). The bar
12 breakout bar was small, but it was enough to make traders begin to discard the
notion that the move to bar 11 was a bear ﬂag, and they began to wonder if bar 9
was an exhaustive sell climax, which could correct for 10 or more bars. The bar
after bar 12 was also small, but it had two signs of strength: a bull body and a low
that did not fall below the bar 11 high (the breakout point). Although the rally to
bar 14 did not cover many points, it was a relentless bull trend and became the ﬁrst
of two legs up (the second began with the bar 18 double bottom with bar 15, and
the triangle formed by the lows of bars 13, 15, and 18).


C H A P T E R 3
Initial Breakout
O
n 5 minute charts of most markets, there are usually at least a couple of suc-
cessful signiﬁcant breakouts every day. Most breakouts begin with a single
trend bar that is usually larger than the previous bars and has no tails or only
small tails. In the strongest breakouts, there will be a series of trend bars with very
little overlap. For example, in a strong bull breakout on the 5 minute Emini chart,
as soon as the breakout bar closes, some traders will place limit orders to buy at
the closing price of that bar. If the next bar opens at that price and immediately
trades up without going below that price, the limit orders will likely not get ﬁlled
and these bullish traders will be trapped out of the market. They will experience a
sense of urgency because they are afraid of missing the move and will look to get
long as soon as possible, using either a market order or a limit order to buy any one-
or two-tick or small pullback, or they will switch to a smaller time frame chart like
a 1 or 2 minute, and then enter on a high 1 or high 2 pullback. This is often hard to
do emotionally and it is comparable to jumping off a high diving board. What might
work in both situations is to just do it: pinch your nose, close your eyes tightly,
tense up every muscle in your body, and trust that you won’t get hurt too badly and
that the bad feelings will end quickly. If you are trading the Emini, you simply buy
the small pullback and rely on your stop. If the breakout is good, your stop will not
be hit and you will have a good chance of making two to even six or more points
over the next many bars while risking about two points.
If, instead of having several strong bull trend bars in a row, the bar after a one-
or two-bar breakout is a small bar, a doji, an inside bar, a bar with large tails, or
a bear trend bar, the breakout might fail. This could lead to a reversal back into
the trading range, a trend reversal into a bear trend, or a failed reversal, which is
81

82
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
simply a one- or two-bar pullback that is followed by a resumption of the upward
move. When the breakout is successful, it will create some version of a spike and
channel trend.
A breakout entry appears deceptively easy to take when you see it on the chart
at the end of the day. However, in real time, the setups tend to be either unclear or
clear but scary. Entering on the breakout or after the breakout bar closes is difﬁcult
to do, because the breakout spike is often large, and traders have to quickly decide
to risk much more than they usually do. As a result, they often end up choosing to
wait for a pullback. Even if they reduce their position size so that the dollar risk
is the same as with any other trade, the thought of risking two or three times as
many ticks frightens them. Entering on a pullback is difﬁcult because every pull-
back begins with a minor reversal, and traders are afraid that the pullback might
be the start of a deep correction. If the reversal is just for a bar to two and sets up
a breakout pullback entry, they are afraid to enter because they are concerned that
the market might be entering a trading range and they do not want to buy at the
top if the market is having a bull breakout, or sell at the bottom if there is a bear
breakout. Trends do everything that they can to keep traders out, which is the only
way they can keep traders chasing the market all day. When a setup is easy and
clear, the move is usually a small, fast scalp. If the move is going to go a long way,
it has to be unclear and difﬁcult to take, to keep traders on the sidelines and force
them to chase the trend.
You will regularly hear pundits discuss a one- or two-day sell-off in a stock
that resulted from a bad report, like a disappointing earnings report or a change in
management. They are deciding if the news is just a one-day event in an otherwise
strong bull trend, or if it will change the outlook for the stock for the next several
months. If they conclude that the odds favor the bull trend, they will buy around
the bottom of the bear spike. If they think that the news was so severe that the
stock will remain under pressure for months, they will not buy, and in fact will look
to sell out of their longs on the next rally. Technical traders see the sell-off as a
bear breakout and evaluate the stock in terms of the strength of the breakout. If
the spike looks strong, they will short rallies, and maybe even the close of the bar,
expecting a bigger spike, a spike and channel, or some other type of bear trend. If
it looks weak relative to the bull trend, they will buy around the close and low of
the bear trend bar, expecting a failed breakout and for the trend reversal attempt
to become just another bull ﬂag.

Figure 3.1
INITIAL BREAKOUT
83
FIGURE 3.1
Breakouts with Many Consecutive Trend Bars Are Usually Strong
The strongest breakouts have a sense of urgency and have several trend bars in
a row, as happened in the trend from the open bull trend day in RSX, the Market
Vectors exchange-traded fund (ETF) for Russia shown in Figure 3.1. The market
broke above the trading range that formed in the ﬁnal hour of yesterday. Notice
how the lows of several of the bars in the breakout did not drop below the close
of the prior bar. This means that bulls who waited for the bar to close and then
immediately placed limit orders to buy at the level of that close would likely not
have their orders ﬁlled and they would be trapped out of the market. The market
was running away from them and they knew it and would then take any reason to
get long. This urgency caused the market to rise sharply. This series of bars should
be considered to be a bull spike. A bull spike is usually followed by a bull channel,
and together they constitute a spike and channel bull trend.
Bar 6 was an inside bar and the ﬁrst pause, and this is usually a reliable high 1
long entry in a trend from the open bull trend day. However, when the trend is
this strong, you can just buy at the market or buy for any reason at all. Did it rain
somewhere in the Amazon last year? Then buy. Did someone on your kid’s high
school basketball team score a point last year? Then buy more. You need to get
long and stay long because there is probably better than a 70 percent chance that
the market will make a measured move up equal to or greater than the approximate

84
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 3.1
height of the spike (the low or open of bar 1 to the close or high of bar 4 or 8, and
add this many points to the closes of those bars). The exact probability is never
knowable, but from experience this is a very strong breakout and the probability of
the measured move is likely greater than 70 percent here. The measured move up
from the open of bar 1 to the close of bar 4 was the price level where the market
paused at the top of bar 8. The measured move based on the open of bar 1 to the
close of bar 8 was exceeded by 3 cents on the close of the day (not shown).

Figure 3.2
INITIAL BREAKOUT
85
FIGURE 3.2
Successful Breakouts Need Follow-Through
Breakouts are common on the 5 minute Emini chart, but strong, successful ones
that have several bars of follow-through, like at bar 1 and bar 11 in Figure 3.2,
usually happen only one to three times a day.
Bar 1 broke above the top of a small wedge, and it had a small tail at the top
and bottom and was a large bull trend bar.
Bar 2 was a small bear inside bar and is a signal bar both for a failed break-
out short and a breakout pullback long. Remember that an inside bar is a one-bar
trading range and a setup for a breakout in either direction. Breakouts often lead
to measured moves, and one common pattern is a measured move from the open
or low of the spike to the close or high of the spike, and then projected up from
the close or high of the spike. Here, the move to the bar 3 high of the day was a
measured move from the open to the close of the bar 1 breakout bar.
The opening range often leads to a breakout to a measured move, but there are
usually several possibilities for the measurement points and it is best to watch the
nearest target ﬁrst. Traders should look at the low of bar 4 to the high of bar 5.
Once that measured move was exceeded, traders should look at other possibilities.
A failed wedge often leads to a measured move, but traders need to consider every
option that they can see. For example, they might look at the low of bar 7 to the
high of the wedge (two bars after bar 9). However, the wedge began at bar 4, and

86
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 3.2
the bar 7 lower low might be viewed as an overshoot of the actual bar 4 low. The
market tried to form a wedge bear ﬂag beginning at the bar 4 low, and it had three
pushes up (bar 5, and the spikes before and after bar 9). Using the bar 4 low to
the top of the wedge for the measurement projected a move that was exceeded by
only one tick at the bar 14 high of the day. The purpose of ﬁnding these measured
move targets is to ﬁnd reasonable areas to take proﬁts, and, if there is a strong
countertrend setup, to initiate trades in the opposite direction.
Bar 6 was a strong breakout to a new low of the day, but it was reversed up by
the bar 7 outside up bull trend bar. When traders saw the sideways action to bar 8,
they were thinking that this was a possible breakout pullback (a bear ﬂag) and it
could be followed by another move down. You must always consider both bull and
bear alternatives. Instead of more selling, the market moved up quickly. How can
such a strong bear trend bar be reversed up so quickly? If the institutions had a
huge number of buy orders, they would like to ﬁll them at the best prices, and if
they thought that the market was likely to test below the bar 4 low before going up,
they would wait to buy until after that test. As the market is getting close to their
buy zone, it does not make sense for them to buy because they believe the market
will be a little lower over the next several minutes. So these very eager bulls are
stepping aside. The absence of the strongest buyers creates an imbalance to the
sell side, so the market has to fall quickly for the shorts to ﬁnd someone willing
to take the other side of their trade. The result is a large bear trend bar. Once the
market is at a level where the bulls think it will not fall further, they appear out of
nowhere and begin to buy heavily and relentlessly, overwhelming the bears. The
bears realize what is going on and they stop shorting and begin to buy back their
shorts. This means that both the bulls and the bears believe that the market will go
up, and this creates a directional probability of an equidistant move of 60 percent
or more in favor of the bulls. In other words, there is a 60 percent or more chance
that the market will go up two points before falling two points, and up three points
before falling three points. In fact, there is probably better than a 60 percent chance
that the market will break out above the opening range and have a measured move
up before there is a two-point pullback, and this is a great trade for the bulls.
Bars 9 and 10 were breakout pullbacks after new highs of the day.
Bar 11 was a breakout of the wedge that began with the bar 5 high. It was a
strong two-bar bull spike, and it was followed by two more pushes up. Bull chan-
nels after spikes often have three pushes up, where the top of the spike is the ﬁrst
push up.
Bar 12 was a two-legged high 2 breakout pullback in a strong bull trend and is
a great buy setup.
Bar 13 was another breakout pullback but since it would lead to a third push
up, bulls had to be cautious. Once bar 14 hit ﬁve ticks above the long entry, many
bulls moved their stops to breakeven because they were wondering if the bar 14

Figure 3.2
INITIAL BREAKOUT
87
wedge high would lead to a lengthy (10 bars or more) two-legged pullback or even
a trend reversal. Therefore, bar 15 was a bad signal for longs, who expected that
any rally would end below the bar 14 wedge high and be followed by at least one
more leg down. Aggressive traders shorted above its high, because a buy signal that
is likely to fail means that traders could go short where inexperienced traders just
went long and they would have about a 60 percent chance of the market falling two
points to the protective stop of the weak longs before the market hit their proﬁt-
taking limit order six ticks higher. They are risking six ticks to make eight ticks and
are 60 percent conﬁdent that they will win, and this is a logical bet.
Bar 16 was a bear breakout below a head and shoulders top, but since most top-
ping patterns are really just bull ﬂags, there was a good chance that the breakout
would fail. Bulls could have bought above the small doji inside bar that followed,
but this would be somewhat risky because doji bars are not reliable signal bars.
Once they saw the bar 17 bull trend bar, buying the wedge bull ﬂag became a more
reliable pattern. Buying above a strong bull bar increases the odds for success be-
cause the market has already shown some strength. Since strong breakouts usually
have several trend bars in a row and not a small doji bar for the next bar, traders
saw this as a warning that the bear breakout was weak.

88
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 3.3
FIGURE 3.3
Watch Charts and Not the News
As shown in Figure 3.3, some news must have been released that led to a sharp
sell-off at 10:30 a.m. PST. You should never pay attention to the news, aside from
knowing when it will be released, because it creates a distance between you and
what you have to do. It requires thought that you then have to reconcile with the
chart, which can only reduce your proﬁt. The chart tells you all that you need to
know. Something happened that made the institutions sell aggressively, and that is
all the information that a trader needs. It is time to look for short setups.
Bar 1 was a strong bull trend bar that trapped early buyers who bought the
candle pattern or a smaller time frame reversal. A buy was not even triggered on
this 5 minute chart, since the next bar did not go above the bar 1 high. These bulls
would exit below the low of bar 1 and wouldn’t look to buy again until more price
action unfolds. Place an order to short on a stop at one tick below the low of bar 1,
which is where those longs will have their protective stops, and as they cover they
will provide plenty of downside fuel. If it gets hit, you know the trapped longs will

Figure 3.3
INITIAL BREAKOUT
89
get out and not want to buy again soon, and the smart bears will be adding to their
shorts. With no one left to buy, the market will almost certainly provide a scalper’s
proﬁt and likely much more.
Bar 5 is the third overlapping bar and at least one of the bars was a doji (all
three were). This is barbwire, which is usually a continuation pattern and, like
with any trading range, you should never buy at its high or sell at its low. You
can fade small bars at its extremes and, since all horizontal trading ranges are
magnets and often become ﬁnal ﬂags, you can wait for a trend bar breakout to
fail and look for a reversal back into the range. Here, bar 7 closed above its mid-
point and therefore met the minimum requirement for a reversal bar, and it fol-
lowed a third consecutive sell climax. This is usually followed by at least a 10-bar,
two-legged correction.
Bars 3 and 5 were classic candle pattern traps. Traders who memorize candle
reversal patterns will be eager to buy these very large candles with long bull tails
because they will see the long tails and the closes near the highs as evidence that
the bulls were gaining control. When you see a big bar with a long tail and a small
body in a bear trend, it tells you that if you buy above its high, you are paying way
too much. In a bear trend, you want to buy low, not at the top of a huge bar with a
small body when the market is in a tight bear channel and there has been no prior
bull strength or trend line break. Bar 5 was an even better candle pattern trap than
bar 3 since it was a gravestone doji, which candle novices worship. Also, the market
traded above the high of the bar, seeming to conﬁrm the strength of the bulls, and
it was a second attempt at a bottom (a double bottom with bar 3). But what went
wrong? When you see these small-bodied big candles in a strong trend where there
has yet to be a trend line break, you should get excited because they are great traps
and therefore perfect short setups. Just wait for the small bar that usually follows.
Its lack of upside follow-through makes these early bulls very scared. Everyone
knows where those bulls are putting their protective stops, so that is exactly where
you should be putting your entry stop to go short. When you see those big doji
candles, you, too, see bullish strength, but then assume that since the price was
hovering at the high of those bars and the bulls were now in balance with the bears,
the highs of those bars are likely to be in the middle or top of a trading range and
not at a bottom.
The two-legged sideways move to bar 6 broke a trend line. Traders then knew
that the bulls were getting eager to buy, so a perfect long setup would be a failed
breakout to new lows. Smart traders just waited for a one- or two-bar break be-
low bars 3 and 5 and then started placing buy orders at one tick above the high of
the prior bar. They were prepared to keep moving the orders down if they didn’t
get ﬁlled. If the move continued too far down, they would have waited for another
trend line break before looking to buy again because the trend would have resumed
and this setup would have failed to trigger. The earlier bulls with two or three losses

90
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 3.3
would wait for conﬁrmation this time and enter late, and this would provide addi-
tional fuel for the upward move after the price action longs got in.
Even though bar 7 had a bear body, at least it closed above its midpoint, indicat-
ing some strength. Presumably, bulls were a little cautious after losing on entries
from bars 1, 3, and 5. Also, it was a failed breakout from barbwire, which often
forms the ﬁnal ﬂag of a trend. The odds were high that this would be a proﬁtable
long and smart traders would have been anticipating it, so there was no excuse to
miss it.
The entry bar had a bull body, albeit small, which was constructive. Also, it was
an inside body variant (its body was inside the body of the signal bar, which is a
weaker version of an inside bar), which meant that the bears did not take control.
At this point, longs were feeling conﬁdent because their protective stop was not hit
on the bar after entry, as was the case for the earlier bulls.
The next three bars were all bull trend bars with closes above the prior close, so
the closes were in a bull trend. It is reasonable to assume that there will be two legs
up, but almost certainly there will be a stop run down before the second leg. The
breakeven stop was not hit on the violent move down in bar 8, which turned into
a bullish outside bar and the start of the second leg up (a higher low). Whenever
there is a strong outside up bar that breaks the market into a new trend, its low
is the start of the trend and all bar counting gets reset. For example, the two-bar
reversal at bar 9 was a low 1 setup and not a low 2.
The targets for the rally were the bull signal bar highs in the bear (the highs of
bars 3 and 5 and possibly bar 2). Bar 9 exceeded the ﬁnal target by one tick. The
momentum was so strong that the bar 8 low was likely just part of the ﬁrst leg up
and not the start of the second leg up, and there instead should be a bigger pullback
and then a second leg up (it ended at bar 11).
Bar 11 set up a low 2 short from the rally up from the bar 8 low.

C H A P T E R 4
Breakout Entries
in Existing
Strong Trends
W
hen a trend is strong and there is a pullback, every breakout beyond a
prior extreme is a valid with-trend entry. The breakout usually has strong
volume, a large breakout bar (a strong trend bar), and follow-through over
the next several bars. Smart money is clearly entering on the breakout. However,
that is rarely the best way to trade a breakout, and price action traders almost al-
ways ﬁnd an earlier price action entry like a high 1 or 2 in a bull trend. It is important
to recognize that when a trend is strong, you can enter at any time and make a proﬁt
if you use an adequate stop. Once traders see that a trend is strong, some traders
do not take the ﬁrst entries because they are hoping for a larger pullback, like a
two-legged pullback to the moving average. For example, if the market just became
clearly always-in long and the initial bull spike has three good-sized bull trend bars
with small tails, a trader might be afraid that the move was a little climactic and
decide that he wants to wait for a high 2 buy setup. However, when a trend is very
strong like this, the ﬁrst couple of entries are usually just high 1 buy setups. Aggres-
sive traders will place limit orders to buy below the low of the prior bar, expecting
any reversal attempt to fail. Once the market trades below the low of the prior bar,
they will expect a high 1 buy setup to lead to at least a new high and probably a
measured move up, based on the height of the bull spike. If traders fail to take ei-
ther of these two early entries, they should train themselves to guarantee that they
get into this strong trend. When they are looking at the pullback beginning, they
should put a buy stop at one tick above the high of the spike, in case the pullback is
only one bar and reverses up quickly. If they fail to take either of the early pullback
entries and the market begins to race up without them, they will be swept into the
trade and not be left behind. On the strongest trades, you will usually see that the
91

92
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
bar that breaks above the bull spike is usually a large bull trend bar, and this tells
you that many strong bulls believe that there is value buying the new high. If it is a
great entry for so many of them, it is a great entry for you as well.
One quick way to determine the strength of a trend is to see how it reacts after
it breaks beyond prior trend extremes. For example, if a bull trend has a pullback
and then breaks above the high of the day, does it ﬁnd more buyers or sellers on
the breakout? If the market moves far enough up for the breakout buyers to make
at least a scalper’s proﬁt, then the breakout found more buyers than sellers. That
is one of the hallmarks of a strong trend. By contrast, if the market raced to a
new swing high but then reversed down within a bar or two, then the breakout
found more sellers than buyers, which is more characteristic of trading ranges, and
the market could be transitioning into a trading range. Watching how the market
behaves at a new high gives a clue as to whether there is a still strong trend in
effect. If not, even though the trend may still be in effect, it is less strong and longs
should be taking proﬁts at the new extreme and even looking to go short, instead
of buying the breakout to the new high or looking to buy a small pullback. The
opposite is true in bear trends.
In general, if you are entering on a stop at a new extreme, you should scalp
most or all of your trade unless the trend is especially strong. If so, you can swing
most or all of your position. For example, if the market is in a strong bull trend,
bulls will buy above the most recent high on a stop but most will scalp out of their
trade. If the market is extremely strong, they might swing most of their position.
If not, bears will be shorting on every new swing high with a limit order at the old
swing high or slightly above, and they will add on higher. If the market drops after
their ﬁrst entry, they will exit with a proﬁt. If instead the market continued up, they
expect the old high to be tested by a pullback within a few bars, and this would
allow them to exit their ﬁrst entry at breakeven and to exit their higher entry with
a proﬁt.

Figure 4.1
BREAKOUT ENTRIES IN EXISTING STRONG TRENDS
93
FIGURE 4.1
Strong Breakouts Have Many Consecutive Strong Trend Bars
As shown in Figure 4.1, the rally from the bar 4 higher low became a strong bull
trend (higher low after a trend line break), with seven bull trend bars in a row as
the market reversed through the bar 1 high of the day. With that much momentum,
everyone was in agreement that bar 5 would be exceeded before there was a sell-
off below the start of the bull trend at bar 4. The market was in always-in mode and
would likely have approximately a measured move up based on the bull spike from
bar 4 to bar 5 or from the opening range from bar 1 to bar 2, and therefore bulls
could buy at the market, on any pullback, at or below the low of any bar, above the
high of any pullback, on the close of any bar, and on a stop above the most recent
swing high.
Breakout traders would have bought above every prior swing high, such as on
bars 5, 6, 8, 11, 13, and 16. By bar 5, the market was clearly strongly always-in up.
Aggressive bulls placed limit orders to buy at the low of the prior bar, expecting
the initial pullback to only be a bar or so long and for the market to reverse up in
a high 1. Buying below the prior bar is usually a lower entry than buying above the
high 1. If traders preferred to enter on stops and did not buy at the low of the bar
after bar 5, they would have bought on the bar 6 high 1 entry as it moved above
the prior bar. If they instead were hoping for a deeper pullback like a high 2 at the
moving average and did not take either of these two entries, they needed to protect

94
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 4.1
themselves from missing the strong trend. They should never let themselves get
trapped out of a great trend. The way to do this would be by placing a worst-case
buy stop at one tick above the high of the bar 5 bull spike. The entry would be
worse, but at least they would get into a trade that was likely to continue for at least
a measured move up based on the height of the bull spike. Bar 6 was a large bull
trend bar with no tails, which indicated that many strong bulls bought on that same
bar. Once traders saw that the strong bulls bought the breakout to the new high,
they should have been reassured that the trade was good. Their initial protective
stop was below the most recent minor swing low, which was the high 1 signal bar
before bar 6.
Pullback traders would have entered earlier in every instance, on the breakout
pullbacks, which were bull ﬂags—for example, at the bar 6 high 1, the bar 8 high 2,
the bar 10 failed wedge reversal, the bar 12 high 2 and failed trend line break (not
shown), and the bar 15 high 2 test below the moving average (ﬁrst moving average
gap bar buy setup) and double bottom with bar 12 (the high 2 was based on the
two clear, larger legs down from bar 14). Breakout traders are initiating their longs
in the exact area where price action traders are selling their longs for a proﬁt. In
general, it is not wise to be buying where a lot of smart traders are selling. However,
when the market is strong, you can buy anywhere, including above the high, and
still make a proﬁt. However, the risk/reward ratio is much better when you buy
pullbacks than it is when you buy breakouts.
Blindly buying breakouts is foolish, and smart money would not have bought
the bar 11 breakout because it was a possible third push up after the exceptionally
strong bar 6 breakout bar reset the count and formed the ﬁrst push up. Also, they
would not have bought the bar 16 breakout, which was a higher high test of the
old bar 14 high after a trend line break, since there was too much risk of a trend
reversal. It is far better to fade breakouts when they fail or enter in the direction of
the breakout after it pulls back. When traders think that a breakout looks too weak
to buy, they will often instead short at and above the prior high.
Bears can make money on breakouts above prior swing highs by shorting the
breakout and adding on higher. Then, when the market comes back to test the
breakout, they can exit their entire short position and make a proﬁt on their second
entry and get out around breakeven on their ﬁrst short. This strategy would have
been possible if a bear shorted as the market moved above bars 5, 7, 9, and 14. For
example, as the market pulled back from the bar 7 swing high, bears could place
orders to go short at or slightly above that high. Their shorts would be ﬁlled during
bar 8. They would then add to their short positions when they thought that the
market might begin to pull back again or at a couple of points higher. They would
then try to exit all their short trades on a limit order at the original entry price, at
the bar 7 high. Because bears are buying back their shorts on that breakout test and

Figure 4.1
BREAKOUT ENTRIES IN EXISTING STRONG TRENDS
95
because bulls are adding to their longs in that same area, the pullback often ends
at that price and the market once again goes up.
The reversal up at bar 4 was a breakout of the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear trend. Some-
times ﬁnal ﬂag reversals come from higher lows and not lower lows. The test of
the old extreme can exceed the old extreme or fall short. Bar 15 was the end of
the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bull trend, and the reversal at bar 16 was from a new extreme
(a higher high).

96
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 4.2
FIGURE 4.2
A Strong Trend Usually Has Follow-Through on the Next Day
As shown in Figure 4.2, yesterday (only the ﬁnal hour is visible) was a strong trend
from the open bull trend day, so the odds were high that there would be enough
follow-through today to close above the open, and even if there was a pullback
on the open today, the bull trend would likely reach at least a nominal new high.
Traders were all watching for a buy setup.
Bar 2 was a small higher low after a high 4 buy setup, and a double bottom
with the ﬁnal pullback of yesterday. The signal bar had a bear close but at least its
close was above its midpoint. Traders who missed that entry saw the market form a
strong bull spike over the next two and three bars and decided that the market was
now always-in long. Smart traders bought at least a small position at the market,
just in case there was no pullback until after the market went much higher.
There were two large bull trend bars on the breakout, each with strong closes
and small tails. Had you gone long at the close of bar 3, you would be swinging
a portion of your trade at this point. This means that if you were instead ﬂat, you
could buy that same position size at the market and use the stop that you would
have used had you bought earlier. That stop would now be below the bar 3 strong
bull trend bar.
Bar 4 was a pause bar just below yesterday’s high, and buying one tick above
its high is another good entry. A pause bar is a possible reversal setup, so buying

Figure 4.2
BREAKOUT ENTRIES IN EXISTING STRONG TRENDS
97
above its high will be going long where the early bears are buying back their shorts
and where the longs who exited early would also be buying back their longs.
At this point, the trend was clear and strong and you should be buying every
pullback.
Bar 6 was followed by a two-bar reversal and a third push up and was an ac-
ceptable short setup for a pullback to the moving average.
Bar 8 was a reasonable countertrend scalp (a failed breakout to a new high
after a trend line break) since it was a strong bear reversal bar and an expanding
triangle top, but the trend was still up. Note that there had not yet been a close
below the moving average and the market had been above the moving average for
more than 20 bars, both of which are signs of strength. If you were thinking about
taking a countertrend scalp, you would do so only if you would immediately look
to get long again as the trend reversed back up. You do not want to exit a long, take
a short scalp, and then miss out on a swing up as the trend resumes. If you cannot
process the two changes of direction reliably, do not take the countertrend trade;
simply hold long.
Bar 9 was a bull inside bar after the ﬁrst close below the moving average and
the second bar of a two-bar reversal, so a breakout above the setup was expected
to test the bull high at a minimum.


C H A P T E R 5
Failed Breakouts,
Breakout
Pullbacks, and
Breakout Tests
T
he sequence of breakout, failed breakout, either trend reversal or breakout
pullback and then trend resumption is one of the most common aspects of
price action, and most trades every day can be interpreted as some variation
of this process. On a larger scale, it is the basis for a major trend reversal, which is
discussed in book 3, where there is a trend line break and then a breakout pullback
that tests the trend’s extreme. The sequence occurs with all breakouts, but most
often with a breakout of a bull or bear ﬂag, which is a small trend in the opposite
direction of the main trend on the screen.
Whenever there is a breakout, the market eventually pulls back and tests previ-
ous signiﬁcant prices. The start of the pullback converts the breakout into a failure,
and you should look at all breakouts as failing at this point, even if they subse-
quently resume. If the failure succeeds in reversing the trend, the breakout will
have failed and the reversal will have succeeded. If the reversal only goes for a
bar or two and the breakout resumes, the reversal attempt will simply become a
pullback from the breakout (all failed breakouts that fail to reverse the market are
breakout pullback setups for trades in the direction of the breakout). For example,
if there is a bull breakout and then the market pulls back to around the entry price,
forms a buy signal bar, and triggers the long, this pullback tested the breakout (it
is a breakout test), and set up a long above the high of the most recent pullback
bar. If the trend resumes, the breakout bar usually becomes a measuring gap, and
if the trend reverses, the bull trend bar becomes an exhaustion gap, and the bear
trend bar becomes a breakout gap (gaps are discussed in Chapter 6). Tests can be
on the bar after the breakout or 20 or more bars later. What exactly got tested?
The test is whether the breakout will succeed or fail. The market pulls back from
99

100
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
the breakout because of selling. The bulls are selling to take partial proﬁts on their
longs, and the bears are selling in an attempt to make the breakout fail and ﬂip the
direction of the always-in trade to down. Both the bulls and the bears assess the
strength of the breakout. If the setup and the entry bar are strong, traders will ex-
pect higher prices. When the market pulls back to the area of the breakout, bulls
who are already long, whether or not they scalped out of some of their position
on the breakout, will use the pullback as an opportunity to buy again. Bulls who
missed the original entry will also use this pullback to get long. Bears who shorted
prior to the breakout, below the entry price, will believe that the market has ﬂipped
to always-in long and it will trend higher. They will therefore use the pullback to
buy back their shorts with a small loss. The bears who shorted the breakout will
see that the breakout was strong and that the attempt to make the breakout fail
was weak, and they will buy back their shorts with either a small proﬁt or loss, or
at breakeven. Since the bears now believe the breakout will be successful and that
the market will rally, they will not want to short again until the market is higher,
and only if a sell signal develops.
If the setup or the breakout was weak, and if a strong bear reversal bar devel-
oped shortly after the breakout, traders will expect the breakout to fail and for the
bear trend to begin or resume. The bulls will sell out of their longs and not look
to buy again for at least several bars, and the bears will initiate new shorts or add
to their current shorts. The result will be that the market will fall below the bull
breakout entry price, the test of that level will have failed, and the bear trend will
have at least one more leg sideways to down.
If the breakout and the reversal are about equally strong, traders will then look
at the bar after the bear reversal signal bar. If it has a strong bear close and is a
strong bear trend bar, the chances that the reversal will continue down increase. If
instead it is a strong bull reversal bar, chances are the failed breakout will not suc-
ceed, and this bull reversal bar then becomes a signal bar for a breakout pullback
buy at one tick above its high.
Remember, the single most important determination that a trader makes, and
he makes this after the close of every bar, is whether there will be more buyers or
sellers above and below the prior bar. This is particularly true with breakouts and
failed breakouts, because the move that follows usually determines the always-in
direction and therefore lasts for many bars, and is not just a scalp.
This same process is repeated many times every day on all time frames. The
breakout might simply be a quiet push above the high of the prior bar, and the
pullback can begin on the next bar; when that is the case, the breakout might be a
10-bar breakout on a smaller time frame chart. The breakout can also be huge, like
a 10-bar bull spike, and the pullback can occur 20 or more bars later. When the
process involves many bars, it is a small breakout on a higher time frame chart,
with the breakout and pullback on that chart simply lasting a few bars.

FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
101
Following a bull breakout, these are some of the common areas that often get
by the pullback:
r The breakout point (the price where the breakout began).
r The top of a spike in a spike and channel bull trend. Once the market breaks
below the channel, it usually tests down to the top of the spike, and eventually
to the bottom of the channel.
r The top of the spike in a ﬁnal ﬂag breakout. Once the market begins to pull
back after breaking out of a potential ﬁnal ﬂag, it usually tests the swing high
that preceded the ﬂag.
r The most recent swing high in a stairs pattern. Bull stairs usually have pullbacks
that fall at least a little below the most recent swing high.
r The top of the lower trading range in a bull trending trading range day. If it does
not reverse back up, it can retrace to the bottom of that lower trading range.
r After the market rallies to the third push up in a potential wedge (a rising con-
vergent channel), the odds are very high that it will test the top of the second
push up. Once it reverses, it usually tests to the bottom of the wedge (the bot-
tom of the ﬁrst pullback, which is the bottom of the wedge channel).
r The high of the signal bar. Even if the breakout bar breaks out above a swing
high from 10 bars earlier, there will often be a test of the high of the bar just
before the breakout bar.
r The low of the entry bar. If the market falls below the entry bar, it often does so
in a strong bear trend bar, and the move down from there is usually big enough
for at least a scalp.
r The bottom of the swing low at the start of the leg up. The market sometimes
falls below the entry bar and signal bar and retraces to the bottom of the bull
leg, where it often will form a double bottom bull ﬂag.
r Any support area like the moving average, a prior swing low, a trend line, or a
trend channel line (like if the market forms a wedge bull ﬂag).
Whenever there is a breakout, traders have to decide whether it will be fol-
lowed by a trend or it will fail and reverse. Since there are many breakouts on every
chart, it is important to become proﬁcient at this. The breakout may continue for
several bars, but at some point there will be a pullback. The countertrend traders
will see the pullback as a sign that the breakout has failed, and they will enter on
the assumption that the market will reverse, at least enough for a scalp. The with-
trend traders will be taking some proﬁts, but they expect that the failed breakout
won’t go far before it sets up a breakout pullback and then the trend will resume.
For example, if there is a bull breakout, the ﬁrst bar with a low below the low of
the prior bar is a pullback. However, traders need to decide if instead it is a failed
breakout and about to lead to a reversal back down. The more that the breakout

102
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
has characteristics of a strong trend, the more likely it will have follow-through.
If it has few or none of those characteristics, the odds of it failing and reversing
back down increase. Characteristics of strong trends are detailed in the ﬁrst book,
Trading Price Action Trends, but important features of a strong bull trend are sev-
eral consecutive bull trend bars with very little overlap of the bodies, small tails,
and bull strength earlier in the day. If, however, the second bar is a relatively strong
bear reversal or a bear inside bar, the breakout bar is not too large, the breakout
is the third push up, and that bar reverses back below the trend channel line, the
odds of a failed breakout and a tradable short are better. If you short below the low
of that bar and the next bar is a strong bull reversal bar, you usually should reverse
back to long because that failed breakout might be failing and instead setting up a
breakout pullback buy setup.
After a breakout, eventually there will be a pullback to test the strength of the
traders who initiated the breakout, and the success of the test will be determined by
whether the traders enter in this area for a second time. The strongest breakouts
usually do not come all the way back to the breakout point, but some pullbacks
can retrace well beyond the breakout point and still be followed by a strong trend.
For example, in a bull stair pattern, each breakout to a new swing high is followed
by a deep breakout pullback. That breakout pullback stays above the prior higher
low, creating a bull trend of higher highs and lows, and then is followed by an-
other higher high. If the breakout pullback comes back to within a few ticks of
the entry price, it is a breakout test. The test can occur on the bar after the break-
out or even 20 or more bars later, or both. This test bar is a potential signal bar,
and smart traders look to place a buy stop entry order at one tick above it in case
the test is successful and the trend resumes. It is a particularly reliable breakout
pullback setup.
In an upside breakout, there was probably heavy buying in the area of the
breakout price and the buyers overwhelmed the sellers. On the breakout pullback,
the market is coming back down to that price area to see if the buyers will once
again overwhelm the sellers. If they do, the result will likely be at least two legs up,
with the breakout being the ﬁrst leg up. If, however, the sellers overpower the buy-
ers, then the breakout failed and there will likely be a tradable move down since
the remaining longs will be trapped and new longs will be hesitant to buy again
after the failure. The buyers will have made two attempts to go up from this price
area and failed, so the market will now likely do the opposite and have at least two
legs down.
If there is a pullback within a bar or two of the breakout, the breakout has
failed. However, even the strongest breakouts will have a one- or two-bar failure
that in fact becomes just a breakout pullback instead of a reversal. Once the trend
resumes, the failed breakout will have failed, which is the case in all breakout
pullbacks. A breakout pullback is simply a failed attempt to reverse the breakout.

FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
103
Consecutive failures are second entries and therefore have an excellent chance of
setting up a proﬁtable trade. A breakout pullback is also referred to as a cup and
handle, and it is one of the most reliable with-trend setups.
Breakout pullbacks can happen in the absence of an actual breakout. If the
market strongly runs close to the old extreme but does not exceed it, and then
quietly pulls back for one to four bars or so, this will likely function exactly like
a breakout pullback and it should be traded as if the pullback followed an actual
breakout. Remember that when something is close to a textbook pattern, it will
usually behave like a textbook pattern.
If there was a strong move or a ﬁrst leg of a trend earlier in the day, then a
with-trend breakout later in the day is more likely to be successful; a failure will
likely not succeed in reversing the trend, and it will become a breakout pullback.
However, if most of the day has been trendless with one- or two-bar breakouts in
both directions, the odds of a failure leading to a reversal are increased.
After an initial run, many traders will take partial proﬁts and then place a
breakeven stop on the balance. The breakeven stop is not necessarily exactly at
the entry price on every trade. Depending on the stock, a trader might be willing
to risk 10 or even 30 or more cents and it is still basically considered a breakeven
stop, even though the trader will be losing money. For example, if Google (GOOG)
is trading at $750 and a trader just took partial proﬁts on half and wants to pro-
tect the rest, but GOOG has recently been running breakeven stops by 10 to
20 cents but rarely by 30 cents, the trader might place a breakeven stop at 30 cents
beyond the breakout, even though it would result in at least a 30 cent loss and not
an exactly breakeven trade.
In the past year or so, Apple (AAPL) and Research in Motion (RIMM) have been
very respectful of exact breakeven stops, and most breakout pullback tests in fact
end about 5 cents shy of the entry price. Goldman Sachs (GS), in contrast, routinely
runs the stops before the pullback ends, so traders would have to be willing to
risk a little if they are trying to hold on to their positions. Alternatively, they could
exit at breakeven and then reenter on a stop at one tick beyond the test bar, but
they will invariably be getting back in at 60 or more cents worse than their initial
entry. If the price action is still good, it makes more sense to hold through the
breakout test and risk maybe 10 cents rather than getting out and then back in at
60 cents worse.
Most major trend reversals can be thought of as breakout pullback trades. For
example, if the market has been in a bear trend and then there is a rally above the
bear trend line, the pullback to a lower low or higher low is a breakout pullback
buy setup. It is important to realize that the pullback from the breakout can exceed
the old extreme, so in a bull reversal, after the breakout to the upside, the pullback
can fall below the bear low and the bull reversal can still be valid and controlling
the price action.

104
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Sometimes the ﬁnal pullback of a trend can also function as the ﬁrst leg of a
new trend in the opposite direction. For example, if there is a bear trend, followed
by a slow rally that may last 10 to 20 bars or more and then a sell climax and a rever-
sal up into a bull trend, the channel that contained the ﬁnal bear ﬂag, if projected up
and to the right, will sometimes also approximately contain the new bull trend. That
ﬁnal bear ﬂag can in fact in hindsight be viewed as actually the ﬁrst move up in the
new bull trend. The plunge down can be thought of as a lower low pullback
in the new bull trend. If you recognize this pattern, you should look to swing more
of your position and not be too quick to exit. Once the new bull trend surpasses the
bear ﬂag high, it will hit the protective stops of the shorts who saw the bear ﬂag
as a weak attempt to rally and therefore likely not the ﬁnal lower high of the bear
trend. After the market reverses above that high, the bears will not look for new
shorting opportunities for a while. This often leads to little or no pullback after the
bear ﬂag is surpassed, and the move up can be protracted. This same phenomenon
is common as a wedge ﬂag is forming. For example, a wedge bear ﬂag has three
pushes up. It will often have a breakout down to a lower low after the ﬁrst push
up. It will then have two more pushes up after that low to complete the wedge bear
ﬂag. Once the bear ﬂag is complete, the market then usually will break out of the
downside of the wedge bear ﬂag and form a new trend low.
Breakouts often fail, and the failure can happen at any point, even after just the
ﬁrst bar. A one-bar breakout of a tight trading range is as likely to fail and reverse
back into the range as it is to continue into a trend. Sharp breakouts on the open
that last for a few bars often fail and lead to a trend day in the opposite direction.
This is discussed in book 3 in the chapter on the ﬁrst hour of trading.
On daily charts, there are often sharp countertrend breakouts due to surprising
news events. However, instead of the spike having follow-through (like a channel)
and becoming a successful breakout, the breakout usually fails and the spike be-
comes just part of a brief pullback. For example, if a stock is in a strong bull trend
and it had a surprisingly bad earnings report after the close yesterday, it might fall
5 percent today, making traders wonder if the trend was in the process of revers-
ing. In most cases, bulls will aggressively buy around the low and close of the bear
spike, which is always down to a support area like a trend line. They are correctly
betting that the odds are that the bear breakout will fail and the bull trend will re-
sume. They see the sell-off as a brief ﬁre sale, allowing them to buy more at a great
discount that will be gone in a few days. Within a week or so, everyone will have
forgotten about the terrible news and the stock will usually be back above the top
of the bear spike, en route to a new high.

Figure 5.1
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
105
FIGURE 5.1
A Late Breakout in a Trend Can Lead to Reversal or a New Leg
Sometimes a breakout at the end of a trend can be an exhaustive climax and lead
to a reversal, and at other times it can be a breakout and lead to another channel.
All climaxes end with a trading range, which can be as brief as a single bar. During
the trading range, the bulls and bears continue to trade, and both try to get follow-
through in their direction. In Figure 5.1, in both the sell climax down to bar 5 and
the buy climax up to bar 19, the bulls won the struggles.
Bars 1, 2, 3, and 5 ended bear spikes, and consecutive sell climaxes often lead
to a correction that lasts at least 10 bars and has at least two legs. Bar 4 was the
largest bear trend bar of the bear trend and it could therefore represent the last
weak longs ﬁnally giving up and exiting at any price. This was probably the case,
and the market corrected up in two legs into the close, with the ﬁrst leg ending at
bar 8 and the second leg ending with the last bar of the day.
The next day, bars 15, 16, 17, and 19 were buy climaxes. The market success-
fully broke out of the downside of the bull channel that followed the gap spike up to
bar 15 and ended with the three pushes up to bar 17. However, whenever a correc-
tion is sideways instead of down, the bulls are strong, and they were able to create
a breakout above the three-push top. Although the large bull bar could have been
caused by the last bears ﬁnally giving up, in this case it was created by aggressive
bulls successfully breaking the market above the wedge top. This bull spike was fol-
lowed by a channel that tried to end at bar 21 but was able to extend up to bar 25.

106
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 5.2
FIGURE 5.2
Breakout Pullbacks
As shown in Figure 5.2, bar 8 was a potential failed breakout but the breakout was
strong, made up of three bear trend bars that covered most of the day’s range and
had small tails and little overlap. The market pulled back to the moving average
and led to a low 2 short (or a small wedge bear ﬂag) signal at bar 10, which was the
second bear trend bar and the end of the second leg of the pullback to the moving
average. A breakout pullback is one of the most reliable setups.
Bar 12 again was a potential failed breakout to a new low of the day. This is a
reversal up from a second consecutive sell climax, and reversals from consecutive
climaxes usually lead to pullbacks that have at least 10 bars and two legs. Even
though the bar 12 signal bar was a doji and not a bull reversal bar, it had a bigger
bull tail than bear tail, indicating some buying and some weakening of the bears.
Also, the bar 8 to bar 10 bear ﬂag was a tight trading range and therefore had a
magnetic pull, increasing the chances that any breakout would get pulled back up
to that level. Bar 11 was a breakout bar and therefore it created a breakout gap.
Breakout gaps usually get tested, as do breakout points. The bar 1 low was the
breakout point. The bears wanted the pullback to stay below bar 1, and the bulls
wanted the opposite. At a minimum, the bulls wanted the market to get back above
the bar 1 low and stay there so that most traders would see the breakout as a failure.
This would have probably ended the bear trend. Finally, the trading range of the
ﬁrst couple of hours was about half of an average daily range, and this increases

Figure 5.2
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
107
the odds that any breakout up or down would be followed by a trading range of
about the same size, creating a trending trading range day. Therefore, bulls should
be expected to come in around the bar 12 price level, which was a measured move
down from the ﬁrst leg down on the day (bar 2 to bar 4).
Bar 31 is a pullback from a small rally that broke above a minor swing high
and almost broke to a new high of the day. When the market almost breaks out
and then pulls back, it will trade as if it actually broke out and is therefore a type
of breakout pullback. This bar 31 breakout pullback traded down to only 2 cents
below the top of the bar 29 signal bar, and when a stock is trading at $580, it is
just about a perfect breakout test and therefore a reliable long setup. The market
once again found strong buyers at the price where it broke out three bars earlier. A
pullback from the breakout of a ﬂag is one of the most reliable setups.
Once the actual breakout to the new high for the day occurred, there was a
breakout pullback long entry setup at bar 33.
Although it is not worth looking at lots of different time frames during the day,
smaller time frames often have reliable breakout test setups that are not apparent
on the chart that you are using for trading. For example, if you were trading the
3 minute chart, you would have seen that the bar 6 high was a breakout test of the
3 minute bar that formed the high at bar 3 above. This means that if you looked
at the 3 minute chart, you would have discovered that the bar that corresponds to
bar 6 on the 5 minute chart formed a perfect breakout test of the low of the bar on
the 3 minute chart that corresponds to bar 3 on the 5 minute chart.
Bar 28 was a strong bear bar and an attempt to break the market to the down-
side. As it was forming, it brieﬂy was a large bear trend bar with a last price on
its low and below the lows of the prior eight bars, creating a strong bear breakout
and reversal. However, by the time the bar closed, its close was above the bar 26
trading range low. Most attempts to breakout against the trend fail and are faded
by strong trades; they understand that bear spikes in bull trends are common and
usually are followed by new highs. At the moment that bar 28 was at the low of
its bar, beginners saw it as a very large bear trend bar and assumed that the trend
was reversing sharply into a strong bear. They lost sight of all of the other bars
on the chart. Experienced traders saw the bear spike as a brief markdown in price
and great opportunity to buy a discount in a bull trend. When a bear spike like this
occurs on daily charts, it is usually due to some news event, which seemed huge
at the time, but experienced bulls know that it is tiny compared to all of the other
fundamentals in the stock, and that it is just one bear bar in a strong bull trend.

108
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 5.3
FIGURE 5.3
Breakout Tests
Many stocks are often well behaved and will come back to test the breakout to
the exact tick, as Lehman Brothers Holdings (LEH) did four times in one day (see
Figure 5.3). Since many traders will enter a breakout on a stop at one tick beyond
the signal bar, exact pullbacks like these will run any breakeven stop by one tick.
However, reentering at one tick beyond the test bar is usually a good trade (for
example, shorting at one penny below the low of bar 2). Alternatively, traders could
risk a few cents on the pullback, avoiding getting stopped out by the breakout test.
After the trend resumes, they can move their stop to just above that test bar.
Sellers came in once again at the highs of bars 1, 2, and 3. Buyers again asserted
themselves in bar 4 when the market came down to where the buyers originally
overwhelmed the sellers at the low of the day. This higher low was the second
attempt for the buyers to take control of the market in this price area and they
succeeded, so there should be at least two legs up.

Figure 5.4
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
109
FIGURE 5.4
Breakout Tests Can Hit Breakeven Stops
GS has been notorious for running breakeven stops over the past year, but as long
as you are aware of the tendencies of the market you are trading, you can make
proﬁtable adjustments (see Figure 5.4).
Bar 8 extended 6 cents above the low of the bar 6 signal bar.
Bar 10 hit 2 cents above the bar 9 signal bar low, running an exact breakeven
stop by 3 cents. Traders could avoid being stopped out and having to short again
50 cents lower by risking about 10 cents until after there is a successful breakout
test. Once the market falls below the breakout test bar, move the protective stop to
1 cent above its high.
The bar 5 high exceeded the swing high of the ﬁnal hour of yesterday by
2 cents before reversing down for the second time in this price area. The buyers
made two attempts to go above this area and failed both times, creating a double
top, so the market should have at least two legs down. It also overshot the trend
channel line drawn across bars 2 and 4, and the bull trend line break down to bar 7
was followed by the bar 8 lower high test of the bull extreme (bar 5), leading to a
bear swing.
Bar 8 was a pullback from the spike formed by four bear bars that broke below
the bull trend line (not shown). Traders debated whether the breakout would fail or
succeed. The bulls saw the bar 7 outside up bar, which was a double bottom with

110
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 5.4
bar 3, as a sign that the bear breakout would fail, and bought as it went outside up
and above the bar 7 high. The bears saw the bear spike as strong and were looking
to short a pullback. They sold below the low of the bear inside bar that followed
bar 8 (it formed a two-bar reversal with bar 8).
Bar 1, the bar after bar 2, bar 3, and the bar after bar 4 were one-bar breakout
pullback buy setups.
As strong as the three bar bull spike up to bar 9 was, traders cannot lose site of
the much stronger sell-off from bar 8 that preceded it. Beginners often only see the
most recent few bars and tend to ignore the much more impressive bars just a little
to the left. Bar 9 was just a low 2 test of the moving average in a bear trend. Bar
10 was a double top (with the high of the bar from four bars earlier) at the moving
average and therefore another low 2 short. Beginners again probably saw the three
strong bull bar rally to the moving average as a trend reversal, and again lost sight
of the strong bear trend that was in effect. Bar 10 was just another lower high test
of the moving average that followed another lower low in a bear trend.

Figure 5.5
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
111
FIGURE 5.5
A Breakout Pullback at a Top Can Be a Higher High
After a breakout from a wedge top, the pullback does not have to be a lower high.
In Figure 5.5, there were two wedge tops that broke to the downside, and in both
cases the market pulled back to a higher high (at bar 6 and bar 11).
The market was in a trading range from August to October before breaking to
the upside, and it had a lot of two-sided trading. This was a trending trading range
pattern and the odds were high that once it reversed down, it would at least test
the bar 6 high of the lower range. Once the market fell into the lower range and
did not immediately reverse back up, the next test point was the bottom of the
lower range.

112
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 5.6
FIGURE 5.6
Breakout Pullback Setups
GOOG formed a series of breakout pullback entries in the chart shown in Figure 5.6.
The sharp rally off the open broke above the bar 1 swing high of yesterday, and the
pullback at bar 5 could not even reach the moving average or the breakout point.
When there is strong momentum, buying a high 1 pullback is a good trade. The
signal bar is a small doji inside bar, indicating a loss of selling power following the
large bear trend bar. The bear breakout below the bull micro trend line failed and
became a pullback from the breakout above yesterday’s high. There was a second
long entry at bar 6, which was a high 2. In strong trends, sometimes the high 2 entry
is higher than that of the high 1 (here, three bars earlier).
Bar 7 was the third strong bear spike in the move up to the higher high. This
represented selling pressure, which is always cumulative, and indicated that the
bears were becoming increasingly strong.
Bar 8 was a breakout test that missed the low of the signal bar by 2 cents. Bar
9 was a breakout test that missed the signal bar low for the bar 8 short by 4 cents.
These are just observations and not needed to take the breakout pullback shorts at
bars 8 and 9.

Figure 5.6
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
113
Bar 9 was a low 2 short setup at the moving average and it was a bear trend
bar, which is a reliable combination. This was followed by an inside bar, creating
another breakout pullback short entry on bar 10. It was also the ﬁrst clear lower
high and the possible start of a bear trend.
Bar 11 broke below the bar 5 pullback and resulted in a breakout pullback
short at the moving average at bar 12. Bar 12 was another lower high and a double
top bear ﬂag with bar 9. Double tops do not have to be exact. Bar 12 was also the
pullback from the bear spike down to bar 11 and the start of a bear channel, which
had several more bear spikes in it.
Bar 13 broke only 5 cents below bar 11 but quickly gave a breakout pullback
short entry at the bar 14 low 1. Since bar 14 had a bull body, a more cautious trader
would have waited for a second entry. The doji bar following bar 14 was an accept-
able entry bar, but selling the outside bar that followed this doji bar was even better
because it was a low 2. Why was it a low 2? Because it followed two small legs up.
Bar 14 was the ﬁrst leg up, and the outside bar two bars later traded above that
small doji bar, creating a second leg up (and the low 2 short entry).
Bar 15 was also an outside bar short entry for the pullback following the break-
out below bars 11 and 13. It was especially good because there were trapped longs
who had bought the two bar-bull reversal, thinking that it was a failed breakout
below the bar 11 and bar 13 double bottom. Whenever a breakout below a double
bottom tries to reverse up and fails, it is a failed wedge pattern and often has about
a measured move down. The double bottom creates the ﬁrst two pushes down, and
the breakout below the double bottom is the third push down. Since there were
four bear trend bars down from bar 14, and smart traders would have wanted a
higher low pullback before going long.
Bar 16 was a low 2 pullback after the breakout below yesterday’s bar 2
swing low.
Many of these trades were tiny scalps and should not be the focus of the major-
ity of traders. Their signiﬁcance is that they illustrate a common behavior. Traders
should concentrate on trading the bigger turning points, like bars 4, 7, 9, and 12.

114
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 5.7
FIGURE 5.7
Failed Breakouts
As shown in Figure 5.7, there were several failed breakouts from bull and bear ﬂags
on this 60 minute chart of EWZ, the iShares MSCI Brazil Fund ETF. Once there is
a trend and then a ﬂag that has a breakout that fails and is followed by a reversal,
that ﬂag is the ﬁnal ﬂag of the trend.
A ﬁnal bull ﬂag can reverse down after a higher high, like at bars 3 and 9 or after
a lower high, like at bars 5 and 10. A ﬁnal bear ﬂag can reverse up after a lower low,
like at bars 6, 11, and 13, or after a higher low, like at bars 1, 8, and 14.

Figure 5.8
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
115
FIGURE 5.8
Final Flag
Sometimes the ﬁnal bear ﬂag is also the ﬁrst leg up of the next bull trend (see
Figure 5.8). This 120 minute chart of Tata Motors Ltd. (TTM), a carmaker in India,
had a bear ﬂag that ended at bar 5 and became the ﬁnal ﬂag of the sell-off. The bar
6 higher low led to a sharp rally to bar 7, which was above the bar 5 lower high and
was therefore a higher high and a sign of bull strength. As discussed in the section
on ﬁnal ﬂags in book 3, the breakout from the ﬁnal bear ﬂag does not have to fall
below the bear low.

116
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 5.9
FIGURE 5.9
Double Bottom
As shown in Figure 5.9, the 5 minute Emini was in a strong bear trend down to
bar 1, and this was followed by a low-momentum, rounded bear ﬂag that ended at
bar 2. Next came a sharp sell-off to bar 3 that tested the bar 1 low. Although it was
a couple of ticks higher, it was a double bottom test of the bear low. The rally to
bar 2 in hindsight was the ﬁnal bear ﬂag and effectively the ﬁrst leg up of the new
bull trend, and the sell-off to bar 3 was a breakout pullback from that rally and a
failed breakout of the bear ﬂag. The bull spike up from bar 3 had so much momen-
tum that it soared above the bar 2 bear ﬂag without a pause. This usually indicates
that there is more to go, so traders should not be quick to exit their entire long
positions. The ﬁrst pullback was a high 1 at bar 4, well above the bar 2 high.

Figure 5.10
FAILED BREAKOUTS, BREAKOUT PULLBACKS, AND BREAKOUT TESTS
117
FIGURE 5.10
The Final Flag Slope Can Predict Slope of New Trend
Sometimes the slope of the ﬁnal ﬂag of a trend is about the same as the slope of
the new trend after the reversal (see Figure 5.10). This 60 minute chart of GS had
a ﬁnal bull ﬂag from bar 1 to bar 2, and its general slope was about the same as
the bear trend that followed the reversal. The market knew the approximate rate
of descent that the sell-off would have, but the sell-off was brieﬂy interrupted by
one ﬁnal higher high to bar 3. The entire pattern from bar 1 to bar 9 is a down-
ward channel, which is a bull ﬂag. The move up to bar 3 was a false breakout to
the upside.


C H A P T E R 6
Gaps
A
gap is simply space between two prices. On daily, weekly, and monthly
charts, traditional gaps are easy to spot. For example, if the market is in a
bull trend and today’s low is above the high of yesterday, then today gapped
up. These traditional gaps are called breakaway or breakout gaps when they form
at the start of a trend, measuring gaps when they are in the middle of a trend, and
exhaustion gaps when they form at the end of a trend. When a gap forms at other
times, like within the spike phase of a trend or within a trading range, it is simply
called a gap. Traders usually cannot classify a gap until after they see what the mar-
ket does next. For example, if the market is breaking out of the top of a trading
range on the daily chart and the breakout bar is a large bull trend bar with a low
above the high of the prior bar, traders will see the gap as a sign of strength and will
think of it as a potential breakaway gap. If the new bull trend continues for dozens
of bars, they will look back at the gap and deﬁnitively call it a breakaway gap. If
instead the market reverses down into a bear trend within a few bars, they will call
it an exhaustion gap.
If the bull trend goes for ﬁve or 10 bars or so and gaps again, traders will think
that this second gap might become the middle of the bull trend. They will see it as
a possible measuring gap, and many traders will look to take proﬁts on their longs
once the market makes a measured move up. The measured move is based on the
height from the bottom of the bull trend to the middle of the gap, and this height
is added to the middle of the gap. This type of gap usually is in the spike phase
of a trend, and it gives traders conﬁdence to enter at the market or on small pull-
backs because they believe that the market will work its way toward a measured
move target.
119

120
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
After the bull trend has gone on for dozens of bars, reaches a resistance area,
and is beginning to show signs of a possible reversal, traders will pay attention to
the next gap up, if there is one. If one forms, they will see it as a potential exhaustion
gap. If, before going much higher, the market trades back down to below the high of
the bar before the gap, traders will see that as a sign of weakness and will think that
the gap might represent exhaustion, which is a type of buy climax. They will often
not look to buy again until after the market has corrected for at least 10 bars and
two legs. Sometimes an exhaustion gap forms before a trend reversal, and because
of that, whenever there is a possible exhaustion gap, traders will look at the overall
price action to see if the trader’s equation warrants a short position. If there is a
reversal, the trend bar that creates it is then a breakout gap (a bar can function like
a gap) and a possible start of a trend in the opposite direction.
Because all trend bars are gaps, traders can see intraday equivalents of the
traditional gaps that are so common on daily charts. If there is a bull trend that
is at a resistance area and is likely to reverse down (reversals are discussed in
book 3), but has one ﬁnal breakout, that bull trend bar might become an exhaus-
tion gap. The bar is sometimes a very large bull trend bar that closes near its high,
and occasionally the ﬁnal breakout will be made of two very large bull trend bars.
This is a potential buy climax, and it alerts astute traders to sell. The bulls sell to
grab proﬁts, since they believe that the market will likely trade down for a cou-
ple of legs and about 10 bars, possibly allowing them to buy again much lower.
They also are aware of the possibility of an exhaustive buy climax and trend re-
versal, and do not want to risk giving back any of their proﬁts. Aggressive bears
are aware of this as well, and they will sell to initiate shorts. If a strong bear trend
bar forms within the next few bars and the always-in direction ﬂips to down, that
ﬁnal bull trend bar becomes a conﬁrmed exhaustion gap, and the bear trend bar
becomes a breakout gap. The bull trend bar followed by the bear trend bar is a
climactic reversal, and a two-bar reversal. If there are one or more bars between
the two trend bars, those bars form an island top. The bottom of that island top
is the top of the bear breakout gap and, like all gaps, might get tested. If it does
and the market turns down again, that breakout test forms a lower high. If the ini-
tial reversal down was strong, both bulls and bears will sell as the market tests
the island top and as the market turns down again, since both are more conﬁ-
dent that the market will fall for about 10 or more bars. The bulls will sell to lock
in proﬁts or to minimize losses, if they bought higher as the bull trend breakout
bars were forming. The bears will sell to initiate shorts. Once the market trades
down for many bars, proﬁt takers (bears buying back their shorts) will come in
and create a pullback or a trading range. If the market again has a bear trend bar
that breaks below the trading range, that bar is then a possible measuring gap,
and traders will try to hold onto part of their shorts until the market approaches
that target.

GAPS
121
As the market turns down, traders will look at the strength of the bear bars.
If there are one or two large bear trend bars closing near their lows, traders will
assume that the always-in direction might be ﬂipping to short. They will watch the
next few bars to see if a high 1 buy signal bar develops. If one forms and it is weak
(relative to the selloff), like a small bull doji or a bear bar, more traders will look
to short above its high than to buy. Remember, this is a high 1 pullback in what has
been a bull trend, but now traders are looking for about 10 bars sideways to down,
so more will look to short above the high 1 buy signal bar than to buy. If they are
right, the high 1 buy signal will fail and form a lower high. If the reversal down is
strong, traders will also short below the lower high and below the high 1 buy signal
bar. If the market goes more sideways to down and then forms a high 2 buy setup,
the bears will assume that it, too, will fail, and will place limit orders at and above
its high to go short. Other bears will place stop orders to go short below the high 2
buy signal bar, because that is where the bulls who bought the high 2 will have their
protective stops. Once these bulls get stopped out, they will likely not look to buy
again for at least a couple of bars, and the absence of bulls and the presence of
bears can lead to a bear breakout. If it is weak, the bulls might be able to create a
wedge bull ﬂag (a high 3 buy setup). If the breakout is strong, the move down will
likely go for at least a couple of small legs, and reach a measured move, based on
the height of the trading range (the bull high to the bottom of the high 2 bull signal
bar). The breakout bar then becomes a measuring gap. If the bulls are successful
in turning the market up at the high 3 (a wedge bull ﬂag), then the bear measuring
gap will close and become an exhaustion gap.
This process happens many times a day on every chart, and traders are always
asking themselves whether a breakout will likely succeed (and turn the breakout
bar into a measuring gap), or will it more likely fail (and turn the trend bar that
formed the breakout into an exhaustion gap). The labels are not important, but the
implications are. This is the single most important decision that traders make, and
they make it whenever they consider any trade: Will there be more buyers or sellers
above and below the prior bar? Whenever they believe that there is an imbalance,
they have an edge. In the case of that bull breakout, when there ﬁnally is a signal
bar for a failed breakout, traders will decide if there will be more buyers or sellers
below that bar. If they think that the breakout is strong, they will assume that there
will be more buyers, and they will buy below the bar. Others will wait to see if the
next bar only falls for a few ticks. If so, they will place stop orders to buy above
it, and they will consider it to be a breakout pullback buy setup. The gap will then
likely become a measuring gap. The bears will see that signal bar for the failed
breakout as a strong sell signal, and they will short below its low. If they are right,
the market will sell off, and close the bull gap (turning it into an exhaustion gap),
and soon move below the low of the bull breakout bar, and they hope that it will
continue much lower.

122
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
“All gaps will get ﬁlled” is a saying that you sometimes hear, but this saying
only rarely helps traders. The market is always coming back to test prior prices, so
the saying would be more precise if it were “all prior prices get tested.” However,
enough traders pay attention to gaps so that they act as magnets, especially when
the pullback gets close to them. The closer the market gets to any magnet, the
stronger the magnetic ﬁeld and the more likely the market will reach the magnet
(this is the basis for buy and sell vacuums). For example, if there is a gap up in a
bull trend, once there is ﬁnally a correction or a reversal, the market might be only
slightly more likely to go below the high of the bar before the gap (and therefore
ﬁll the gap) than it is to go below the high of any other bar in the rally. However,
since gaps are magnets, traders can look for trading opportunities as the market
approaches them, just as they should as the market approaches any magnet.
Gaps where the low of a bar is above the high of the prior bar, or where the
high of a bar is below the low of the prior bar, are rare on an intraday chart of a
highly liquid instrument, except on the ﬁrst bar of the day, when they are common.
However, if one uses a broad deﬁnition, gaps of other types occur many times every
day on a 5 minute chart, and they can be useful in understanding what the market
is doing and in setting up trades. Occasionally, the open of a bar on a 5 minute
chart will be above the close of the prior bar, and this is often a subtle indication of
strength. For example, if there are two or three of these gaps on consecutive bull
trend bars, the bulls are likely strong. All of these gaps have the same signiﬁcance
on daily, weekly, and monthly charts as well.
Because gaps are important elements of price action, intraday traders should
use a broad deﬁnition of a gap and look at trend bars as an intraday equivalents
because they are functionally identical. If the volume was thin enough, there would
be actual gaps on every intraday chart whenever there was a series of trend bars.
Remember, all trend bars are spikes, breakouts, and climaxes, and a breakout is a
variant of a gap. When there is a large gap up on the ﬁrst bar of the day on the Emini,
there will be a large bull trend bar on the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 cash index.
That is an example of how a gap and a trend bar represent the same behavior.
When there is a large trend bar at the start of a trend, it creates a breakout gap.
For example, if the market is reversing up from a low or breaking out of a trading
range, the high of the bar before the trend bar and the low of the bar after it create
the breakout gap. You can simply think of the entire trend bar’s body as the gap as
well, and there may be other recent swing highs that some traders will consider as
the bottom of the gap. There is often not a single choice, but that does not matter.
What does matter is that there is a breakout, which means that there is a gap, even
though a traditional gap is not visible on the chart. The market will often dip a tick
or two below the high of the bar before the trend bar, and traders will still think
that the breakout is in effect as long as the pullback does not fall below the low
of the trend bar. In general, if the market falls more than a couple of ticks below

GAPS
123
the high of the bar before it, traders will lose conﬁdence in the breakout and there
might not be much follow-through, even if there is no reversal.
Whenever there is a trend bar in a potential bull breakout, always look at the
high of the bar before it and the low of the bar after it. If they do not overlap, the
space between them might function as a measuring gap. If the trend continues up,
look for proﬁt taking at the measured move (based on the low of the bull leg to
the middle of the gap). Sometimes the bottom of the gap will be a swing high that
formed several bars earlier, or a high within the spike, but a couple of bars before
the trend bar. The low of the gap might be a swing low that forms many bars after
the breakout bar. The same is true of a bear trend bar that is breaking out in a
bear leg. Always look for potential measuring gaps, the most obvious one being the
one between the low of the bar before the bear trend bar and the high of the bar
after it.
If the bull trend has been going on for 5 to 10 or more bars and then there is
another bull trend bar, it might become just an unremarkable gap, a measuring gap,
or an exhaustion gap. Traders will not know until they see the next several bars. If
there is another strong bull trend bar, the odds of a measuring gap are greater and
bulls will continue to buy with the expectation of the rally continuing up for about
a measured move, based on the middle of the gap.
Another common gap is between the high or low of a bar and the moving aver-
age. In trends, these can set up good swing trades that test the extreme of the trend,
and in trading ranges, they often set up scalps to the moving average. For example,
if there is a strong bear trend and the market ﬁnally rallies above the moving av-
erage, the ﬁrst bar in that rally that has a low above the moving average is a ﬁrst
moving average gap bar. Traders will place a sell stop order at one tick below the
low of that bar to go short, looking for a test of the bear market low. If the stop is
not triggered, they will keep moving the stop up to one tick below the low of the
bar that just closed until their short is ﬁlled. Sometimes they will get stopped out
by the market moving above the signal bar, and if that happens, they will try one
more time to reenter their shorts at one tick below the low of the prior bar. Once
ﬁlled, the signal bar is a second moving average gap bar short signal.
Moving average gaps happen many times a day every day, and most of the time
they occur in the absence of a strong trend. If traders are selective, many of these
gap bars can set up fades to the moving average. For example, assume that the day
is a trading range day and that the market has been above the moving average for
an hour or so. If it then sells off to below the moving average but is followed by a
strong bull reversal bar with a high that is below the moving average, traders will
often go long above that bar if there enough room between the high of that bar and
the moving average for a long scalp.
Breakouts on all time frames, including intraday and daily charts, often form
breakout gaps and measuring gaps that are different from the traditional versions.

124
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
The space between the breakout point and the ﬁrst pause or pullback after the
breakout is a gap, and if it appears early in a possible strong trend, it is a breakaway
gap and is a sign of strength. Although it will lead to a measured move from the start
of the leg, the target is usually too close for traders to take proﬁts and they should
therefore ignore the measured move projection. Instead, they should look at the gap
as only a sign of strength and not a tool to use to create a target for taking proﬁts.
For example, if the average daily range in the Emini has been about 12 points and
after about an hour into the day the range is only three points, the gap formed by a
breakout would lead to a target that would result in a range for the day of only six
points. If a trend is just beginning, it is more likely that the range will reach about
the average of 12 points and not just six points, and therefore traders should not be
taking proﬁts at the measured move target.
When the distance from the start of the leg to the breakout gap (breakaway
gap) is about a third to a half of an average daily range, its middle often leads to a
measured move projection where traders might take proﬁts or even reverse their
positions. For example, if the market is in a trading range and then the market
forms a large bull trend bar that breaks out above the trading range, the swing high
at the top of the range is the breakout point. If the market moves sideways or up
on the next bar, the low of that bar is the ﬁrst price to consider as the breakout test;
the midpoint between its low and the breakout point often becomes the middle of
the bull leg, and the gap is a measuring gap. If the range is about a third to a half
of the recent average daily range, use the bottom of the leg as the starting point
for the measured move; measure the number of ticks between that low and the
middle of the measuring gap, and project that same number of ticks up above that
midpoint. Then look to see how the market behaves if it moves up to a tick or so
of the measured move. If within a few bars of the breakout the market pulls back
into the gap but then rallies, use that pullback low as the breakout test, and then the
measuring gap is between that low and the breakout point. This is a sign of strength.
Once the market rallies to the measured move projection, many traders will take
partial or total proﬁts on their longs. If the move up was weak, some traders might
even place limit orders to short at the measured move target, although only very
experienced traders should consider this.
Elliott Wave traders see most of these gaps as being formed by a small wave 4
pullback that is staying above the high of wave 1, and expect a wave 5 to follow.
Not enough volume is being traded based on Elliott Wave Theory to make this a
signiﬁcant component of the price action, but whenever a pullback does not fall
below the breakout point, all traders see this as a sign of strength and expect a test
of the trend high. The pullback is a breakout test.
If the pullback falls a little below the breakout point, this is a sign of a lack of
strength. You can still use the middle between that low and the breakout point even
though the pullback is below the breakout. When that happens, I refer to this type of

GAPS
125
gap as a negative gap, since the mathematical difference is a negative number. For
example, in a bull breakout, if you subtract the high of the breakout point from the
low of the breakout test bar, the result is a negative number. Negative measuring
gaps lead to projections that are less reliable, but still can be very accurate and
therefore are worth watching. Incidentally, stairs patterns have negative gaps after
each new breakout.
Small measuring gaps can also form around any trend bar. These micro mea-
suring gaps occur if the bar before and the bar after the trend bar do not overlap
and, like any gap, can lead to a measured move. The measured move will usually be
more accurate if the trend bar was acting as a breakout. For example, look at any
strong bull trend bar in any bull leg where the trend bar is breaking into a strong
bull leg. If the low of the bar after it is at or above the high of the bar before it, the
space between is a gap and it can be a measuring gap. Measure from the start of
the leg to the middle of the gap, and project up to see how high the market would
have to go if the gap was in the middle of the leg. This is an area where longs might
take proﬁts. If there are other reasons to short up there, bears will short there as
well. When these micro gaps occur in the ﬁrst several bars of a trend, the market
will usually extend much further than a measured move based on the gap. Don’t
use the gap to ﬁnd an area in which to take proﬁts, because the market will likely
go much further and you don’t want to exit early in a great swing. However, these
gaps are still important in the early stages of a trend because they give trend traders
more conﬁdence in the strength of the trend.
Breakouts occur many times every day, but most of them fail and the market
reverses. However, when they succeed, they offer a potential reward that can be
several times as large as the risk with an acceptable probability of success. Once a
trader learns how to determine if a breakout is likely to be successful, these trades
should be considered. There are other examples of measuring gaps in Chapter 8 on
measured moves.
Using this broad deﬁnition of a gap allows traders to discover many trading
opportunities. A very common type of gap occurs in any three consecutive trending
bars on any chart. For example, if these three bars are trending up and the low of
bar 3 is at or above the high of bar 1, there is a gap and it can act as a measuring
gap or a breakaway gap. The high of bar 1 is the breakout point and it is tested by
the low of bar 3, which becomes the breakout test. On a smaller time frame chart,
you can see the swing high at the top of bar 1 and the swing low at the bottom of
bar 3. It is easy to overlook this setup, but if you study charts you will see that these
gaps often get tested within the next many bars but not ﬁlled, and therefore become
evidence that the buyers are strong.
A related gap occurs after the market has been trending for many bars but now
has an unusually large trend bar. For example, if the market has been going up for
the past couple of hours but now suddenly forms a very large bull trend bar with

126
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
a close near its high, especially if the high of this bar or that of one of the next
couple of bars extends above a trend channel line, one or more important gaps
with one or more breakout points and breakout tests are created. Rarely, this bar is
the start of a new, even steeper bull trend, but much more commonly it represents
a buy climax in an overdone, exhausted bull trend and will be followed within a
few bars by a sideways to down correction that could last about 10 bars or so, and
may even become a trend reversal. Experienced traders wait for these bars, and
their waiting removes sellers from the market and creates a buy vacuum that sucks
the market up quickly. Once they see it, the bulls take proﬁts and the bears short
on the close of the bar, above the bar, on the close of the next bar or two if they
are weak, or on a stop below those bars. Look at the bars before and after the buy
climax bar. The ﬁrst gap to consider is that between the low of the bar after it and
the high of the bar before it. If the market continues to go up for a few bars and
then pulls back and rallies again, the breakout test is now the low of that pullback.
If the market trades down below the high of the bar before the buy climax bar, the
gap is then closed (ﬁlled). If the market continues down into a large leg down, the
gap becomes an exhaustion gap.
Also, look at the bars before the bull breakout for other possible breakout
points. These usually are swing highs and there might be several to consider. For
example, there might have been a small swing high a few bars earlier but another
couple of higher swing highs that formed even a couple of hours earlier. If the
breakout bar broke strongly above all of them, they are all possible breakout points
that could lead to a measured move up and you might have to consider the pro-
jections up from the midpoint of each of these gaps. If there is a conﬂuence of
resistance at one of the projections, like a trend channel line, a higher time frame
bear trend line, or a couple of other measured move targets based on other calcu-
lations, like the height of the trading range, proﬁt takers will come in at that level
and there will also be some shorts. Some of the shorts will be scalping, but others
will be establishing swings and will add on higher.
There is a widely held belief that most gaps get ﬁlled or at least the breakout
point gets tested, and this is true. Whenever something is likely to happen, there
is a trading opportunity. When there is a bear spike and channel, the market often
corrects back up to the top of the channel, which is the bottom of the gap, and tries
to form a double top for a test down. When there is a buy climax bar that breaks out
above a signiﬁcant swing high, there will usually be a pullback that tests that swing
high, so traders should look for short setups that could lead to the test. However,
do not be too eager, and make sure that the setup makes sense and that there is
other evidence that the pullback is likely to be imminent. This might be a sideways
bull ﬂag that breaks out and runs for a couple bars and then has a strong reversal
bar, turning that bull ﬂag into a possible ﬁnal ﬂag. Final ﬂags usually are followed
by at least a two-legged correction that tests the bottom of the ﬂag; they often drop

GAPS
127
for a measured move down from the top to the bottom of the ﬂag, and sometimes
lead to a trend reversal. All of the preceding is true for bear breakouts as well.
Besides the breakout gaps that form at the start of trends and the measuring
gaps that form in the middle, exhaustion gaps form when a trend is trying to reverse.
When there is a gap late in a trend and then the market reverses and closes the gap,
the gap becomes an exhaustion gap and, like all signs of exhaustion (discussed in
book 3 on reversals), it is usually followed by a trading range, but it sometimes
leads to a reversal. These are more important to traders who are trading off of daily
charts, but day traders see them all the time on gap openings that lead to opening
reversals. Day traders think of them as just failed gap openings, but they are a type
of exhaustion gap. On the daily chart, if there is an exhaustion gap followed by
a breakout gap in the opposite direction and that gap remains open after the bar
closes, this creates an island reversal pattern. For example, if there is a bull trend
and then there is a gap up that is followed by a gap down on the next bar or even a
dozen bars later, the bars between the two gaps are considered to be the island top.
Figure 18.4 (in Chapter 18) shows an example of an island bottom on a daily chart.
Whenever there is a channel and then a trend bar that closes beyond the ex-
treme of the prior bar, traders should watch to see if a gap forms. For example,
if there is a bull channel or a bear ﬂag and the next bar closes several ticks above
the high of the prior bar, this breakout bar might become a measuring gap. Watch
the low of the next bar to see if it stays above the high of the prior bar. If so, the
breakout bar might be a measuring gap. If the gap closes, the trend bar might be an
exhaustion gap and the bull spike could lead to a reversal down.
Breakout gaps are discussed further in the ﬁrst book in Chapter 23 on trends
from the open and in the third book in the chapter on gap openings.

128
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 6.1
FIGURE 6.1
Many Types of Gaps on a Daily Chart
Traditional gaps on a daily chart are classiﬁed as breakout gaps (breakaway gaps),
measuring gaps, exhaustion gaps, and just ordinary gaps. For the most part, the
classiﬁcation is not important, and a gap that appears as one type initially can be
seen as a different type later on. For example, gap 5 on the daily chart of AAPL
shown in Figure 6.1 might have been a measuring gap but ended up as an exhaus-
tion gap. Also, when a market is in a strong trend, it often has a series of gaps
and any can become a measuring gap. Traders need to be aware of each possi-
bility. For example, gaps 4, 21, 25, 26, 27, and 45 were potential measuring gaps.
Gap 4 was a measuring gap, and the bar 6 high was almost a perfect measured
move. The bar 2 bottom of the leg to the middle of the gap had about as many ticks
as the middle of the gap to the top of bar 6, where proﬁt takers came in, as did
new strong bears. Proﬁt taking came in just below the targets based on gaps 26
and 45.
Breakout gaps often ﬂip the always-in direction and therefore are an important
sign of strength. Most traders would classify the following as breakout gaps: gaps
3, 7, 11, 15, 18, 29, 32, 36, 44, and 47. When there is a breakout and a gap, look at
the gap as a sign of strength and not as a tool to create a measured move target.
When a trend is just beginning, it is a mistake to take proﬁts too early. Do not use a
reasonable candidate for a breakout gap as a measuring gap.

Figure 6.1
GAPS
129
The rally to bar 22 broke out above the bar 6 high, and the pullbacks to bars 23
and 24 were breakout tests. The space between the bar 24 low, where the market
turned up again, and the bar 6 high is the breakout gap. Here, because the bar 24 low
was below the bar 6 high, the breakout gap was negative. Since it was a breakout
from a large trading range, it had a good chance of also being a measuring gap.
Some experienced traders would have faded the breakout and shorted below
bar 22, looking for a test of the breakout point and a quick scalp down. The bulls
were looking for the same thing and were ready to eagerly buy at the market or
on limit orders when the pullback tested into the gap. The bulls originally bought
the breakout in the move up to bar 22, and their eagerness to buy again at the
same price enabled the new bull trend to resume and go for at least some kind
of measured move up (for example, it might have been based on the height of the
pullback from the bar 22 high to the bar 23 low).
After a trend has gone on for a while, traders will begin to look for a deeper
pullback. A gap often appears before the correction, and that gap is an exhaustion
gap, like gaps 5, 16, 27, 33, and 45.
When a gap occurs as part of a series in a spike or within a trading range, it is
usually not classiﬁed and most traders refer to it simply as a gap, like gaps 19, 20,
37, and 38.

130
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 6.2
FIGURE 6.2
Trend Bars Are the Same as Gaps
Traditional gaps on intraday charts can usually be seen on 5 minute charts only if
the volume is extremely light. Figure 6.2 shows two related exchange-traded funds
(ETFs). The FAS on the left traded 16 million shares today, and the RKH on the
right traded only 98,000 shares. All of the gaps on the RKH chart were trend bars
on the FAS chart, and many of the large trend bars on the FAS chart were gaps on
the RKH chart, demonstrating that a trend bar is a variant of a gap.

Figure 6.3
GAPS
131
FIGURE 6.3
Trend Bars Are Gaps
Intraday charts have their own versions of gaps. Every trend bar is a spike, a break-
out, and a climax, and since every breakout is a variant of a gap, every trend bar is
a type of gap. Gaps on the open are common on most 5 minute charts. In Figure 6.3,
bar 2 gapped beneath the low of the ﬁnal bar of yesterday, creating an opening gap.
The market reversed up on bar 5, and at the time of the reversal, the odds of it
being the start of a bull trend were good, given the strong bottom. Because it was
the start of a bull trend, it was a breakout gap. Some traders saw its body as the
gap, and others thought that the gap was the space between the high of bar 4 and
the low of bar 6.
Bar 6 and bar 7 were also trend bars and therefore also gaps. It is common for
trends to have gaps along the way and are a sign of strength.
Bar 11 was a breakout of the bull ﬂag from bar 9 to bar 10 and a breakout above
the opening range. Since the opening range was about half of the size of an average
daily range, traders were looking for a doubling of the range, and that made bar 11
a likely measuring gap as well as a breakout gap.
The market hesitated for three bars between bar 12 and bar 13, in the area of
yesterday’s high, going into the close. Some traders saw this as the top of today’s
opening range. Bar 13 was a bear reversal bar, and since the market might have
traded below it, the bears saw it as a signal bar for a failed breakout (of both the

132
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 6.3
bar 9 high and the high of yesterday’s close). Since the breakout was so strong,
far more traders assumed that the failed breakout sell signal would not succeed,
and therefore placed limit orders to buy at and below its low. Those aggressive
bulls were able to turn the market up quickly on bar 14. The low of 14 then formed
the top of the measuring gap, and the high of bar 9 was the bottom. Since bar 14
was an outside up bar, it was a breakout pullback buy entry that triggered the buy
as the market went above the high of the prior bar (bar 13). The bull trend went
far beyond the measured move target. Had the bears succeeded in reversing the
market down, bar 11 would have become an exhaustion gap instead of a measuring
gap. As long as the pullback did not fall more than a tick or so below the bar 9 high,
traders would have still looked at the gap as a measuring gap, and they would have
considered taking partial proﬁts at the measured move target (the market raced up
so sharply that many would not have exited at the target). If the market fell further,
traders would not have trusted any measured move up based on the bar 11 gap,
and instead would have looked for other ways to calculate measured move targets.
At that point, referring to bar 11 as either a measuring or exhaustion gap would
have been meaningless, and traders would no longer have thought of it in those
terms. As long as the selloff did not fall below the bar 10 high, the bulls would have
considered the breakout to be successful. If it fell below the high of bar 10, or the
low of bar 10, traders would have then saw the market as in a trading range, or
possibly even a bear trend, if the selloff was strong. Bar 14 was a breakout test of
the bar 11 gap. It missed the bar 9 breakout point by a tick and turned back up. By
not letting the market fall below the bar 9 high or the bar 12 low, the bulls were
showing their strength.
The market broke out again on bar 15, which meant that bar 15 was a breakout
gap and a potential measuring gap. Some traders would have used the height of the
opening range for the measured move (the bar 4 low to the bar 13 high), and others
would have used the middle of the gap between the bar 13 breakout point and the
bar 15 pullback.
Bars 15 and 16 were also gaps in a bull trend, and therefore signs of strength.
Bar 17 was an especially large bull trend bar in a trend that had gone on for 10
or 20 bars, and therefore it was likely to function as an exhaustion type of trend bar
and a possible exhaustion gap. Buy climaxes sometimes lead to reversals but more
often just lead to corrections that last about 10 bars and often have two legs.
Bar 19 was another potential breakout gap, since it was the breakout above a
small bull ﬂag, but after a buy climax, more of a correction was likely.
Bar 20 was an attempt at a bear breakout gap, but the body was too small; the
bar did not break below the bottom of the developing trading range (the low of the
bar before bar 19).
Bar 22 was a breakout gap, and the bears hoped that it would lead to a mea-
sured move down (and therefore become a measuring gap). It had a large bear body

Figure 6.3
GAPS
133
and it broke below a ﬁve-bar ledge and the bottom of the trading range. However, in
a strong bull trend, it could simply have been part of a test of the moving average,
and it might simply have been due to a sell vacuum, with strong bulls and bears
just waiting for slightly lower prices. The bulls were waiting to buy to initiate new
longs, and the bears were waiting to take proﬁts on their shorts.
Bar 23 extended the breakout, but there was no follow-through, and like most
reversal attempts and most bear breakout attempts in bull trends, it failed. Most
traders wanted to see one more bear trend bar before they would have considered
the market as having ﬂipped to always-in short. This is a common situation, which
is why aggressive bulls buy the closes of bars like 23, expecting that the bears would
be unable to ﬂip the market to short. This allows those bulls to get long near the
very bottom of the correction.
Bar 24 was a bull moving average gap bar and a signal bar for the end of two
legs down from the bar 17 buy climax. Although bar 22 could be considered to be
an exhaustion gap, since it was the end of a small bear trend, most traders still saw
the market as always-in long and the trend as still up, so there was no signiﬁcant
bear trend to exhaust. This was a pullback in a bull trend and not a new bear trend.
Bar 22 was therefore just a failed breakout.
Bar 25 was another breakout, since the market was reversing up from a pull-
back in a bull trend and therefore breaking above a bull ﬂag (the bull inside bar
after bar 23 was the signal bar for the bull ﬂag entry). Bar 25 was a potential bear
ﬂag after the bear spike down to bar 23. Once bar 25 closed well above the bar 24
high, the bears probably gave up on their premise that a second leg down would
follow. That close created the possibility that bar 25 was a measuring gap, which it
was once bar 26 turned the market up again after a one-bar pause. The rally went
well above the measured move target and 25 became a breakaway gap.
Some traders still wondered whether a bear channel might be underway, but
when bar 26 went above the bear trend bar before it and above the top of bar 22
(the bear breakout gap), the bear theory was untenable for most traders.
Bars 27, 29, 32, and 40 were also bull breakout gaps.
Bar 36 was a breakout gap but the next bar reversed down. Some traders then
saw bar 36 as an exhaustion gap and a possible end of the rally and the start of
either a trading range or a larger correction.
Bars 37, 38, and 39 were bear gaps and signs of strength on the part of the bears
(selling pressure).

134
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 6.4
FIGURE 6.4
Intraday Gaps
This 5 minute Emini chart in Figure 6.4 illustrates a number of gaps. The only tra-
ditional gap occurred on the open when the low of the ﬁrst bar of the day gapped
above the high of the ﬁnal bar of yesterday. However, since the ﬁrst bar did not gap
above the high of yesterday, there was no gap on the daily chart.
The market trended down to bar 13 and then rallied above the moving average,
breaking the bear trend line. Notice how the low of bar 14 is above the moving
average and it is the ﬁrst such bar in over a couple of hours. This is a moving average
gap, and these gaps often lead to a test of the bear low and then a two-legged move
up, especially if the move up to the gap bar breaks above the bear trend line as it
did here. Here, it led to a higher low trend reversal at bar 15 and then a second leg
up to bar 18.
Bar 6 broke out above the highs of bars 1 and 4, which became breakout points.
The space between those highs and the low of bar 6 was a gap, and it was ﬁlled on
the bar after bar 6. Day traders think of this as simply a gap up and an opening
reversal down, but it is a form of an exhaustion gap.
The bear trend bar before bar 10 opened near its high, closed near its low, and
had a relatively large range. Since it formed after the market had trended down for
many bars, it was a sell climax where there was a last gasp of selling with no one
left who would be willing to sell until after a pullback, which often has two legs.
That breakout bar broke below many swing lows (bars 2, 3, 5, 7, and 9), and bar 11

Figure 6.4
GAPS
135
became the breakout test. There was also a large gap between the bar 10 high and
the moving average, and that gap was ﬁlled by a two-legged move that formed a
low 2 short setup.
The middle of the gap between the bar 9 breakout point and the bar 11 break-
out test led to a measured move down from the bar 8 top of the channel down to
bar 9. The hash mark below and one bar to the right of the bar 10 low is the pro-
jection down from the two higher hash marks. This gap became a measuring gap.
Instead of reversing up, as is common after a reversal up from a trend channel line
overshoot, the market broke to the downside and the bottom was at the measured
move to the tick. Since you never know in advance which, if any, of the possible
measured move targets will work, it is good to draw all that you can see and look
for a reversal at any of them. These are reasonable areas to take proﬁts on shorts.
If there are other reasons to initiate a long, the chance of a proﬁtable reversal trade
increases if it occurs at a measured move. Here, for example, the market broke be-
low a trend channel line and the prior low of the day and reversed up at an exact
measured move.
Although the rally to bar 11 was close to the bars 7 and 9 breakout points, the
gap was not ﬁlled. That is a sign that the bears were strong, and it was followed by
a new bear low.
Bar 13 was another big bear bar after a protracted bear trend and therefore a
second sell climax. The next bar ﬁlled the gap below the bar 10 low.
Bar 14 was a second breakout test of the bars 7 and 9 double bottom, which
was the breakout point. However, instead of the market falling, it went sideways
to bar 15 and formed a wedge bull ﬂag. This led to a rally and a closure of the gap,
and the breakout below bars 7 and 9 failed. The day tried to become a reversal day,
as trending trading range days sometimes do, but the bull trend could not maintain
control late in the day.
Bar 17 was a breakout pullback that tested the high of the bar 14 breakout point
and led to a strong rally that stopped two ticks above the measured move from the
bottom of bar 13 to the top of bar 11. The measured move hash marks are just to
the right of the bar 13, and the distance from the bottom one to the middle one led
to the projection up to the top one.
Bar 18 is another example of a large moving average gap, and the gap was ﬁlled
within a couple of bars.
There are many other minor gaps as well, like between the low of bar 6 and
the high bar 8. Even though that high is at the same price as the low of bar 6, it is
a gap and it is the breakout test of the breakout below bar 6. Similarly, the bar 15
reversal bar high was the breakout point for the breakout test bar that occurred two
bars later.
Note that the three bars with the largest bodies, bar 7, the bar before bar 10,
and two bars before bar 18, all led to reversals. Remember, most breakouts fail to
go very far and usually reverse, at least into a pullback. When a large trend bar

136
BREAKOUTS: TRANSITIONING INTO A NEW TREND
Figure 6.4
occurs after a trend has been going for a while, it usually represents capitulation
or exhaustion. For example, that large bull trend bar that formed two bars before
bar 18 was in a very strong bull leg. Shorts were desperate to get out and were
worried that the market might go much higher before a pullback would come and
let them out at a lower price. Other traders who were ﬂat were panicking, afraid that
they were missing a huge trend into the close, so they were buying at the market,
also afraid that a pullback would not come. This intense buying was caused by
traders with tremendous urgency, and after they bought, the only traders left who
were willing to buy were traders who would only buy a pullback. With no one left
to buy at these high prices, the market could only go sideways or down.
There were several micro measuring gaps. For example, the bear trend bar after
bar 6 set up one, as did the bull trend bar after bar 10 and the bull trend bar after
bar 15. All of the moves went beyond the measured move targets.
The low of the bar after bar 6 and the high of the bar before bar 7 formed a
micro measuring gap, and the bar 7 low was an exact measured move down. The
trend bar in the middle was a breakout to a new low of the day and a strong bear
trend bar, closing on its low.
The bar after bar 15 broke out of a small wedge bull ﬂag. The low of the bar
after it tested the high of bar 15, which was the breakout point. The test was exact,
and as long as the low of the breakout test does not fall more than a tick or so
below the breakout point, the test is a sign of strength. If the breakout test fell
more, it would be a sign that the breakout was not strong and was more likely to
fail. The space between the breakout point and the breakout test is a micro gap.
Since it is a breakout gap, it should be used only as an indication of the strength
of the breakout and not as a basis for a measured move. Initial breakouts generally
lead to big moves, and traders should not be looking to take proﬁts prematurely.
Micro gaps are often negative gaps, meaning that the low of the breakout test bar
is a tick or two below the low of the breakout point bar. Once the breakout bar
closes, an aggressive trader can place a limit order to buy one tick above the high
of the prior bar and risk just three ticks or so. The chance of success might be only
about 40 percent, but the reward is many times the risk, so the trader’s equation is
very favorable.

Figure 6.5
GAPS
137
FIGURE 6.5
Gap between the Open of a Bar and the Close of the Prior Bar
If the open of the bar is above or below the close of the prior bar, there is a gap.
Sometimes it can be entirely due to low volume (for example, when there are many
dojis), but other times it can signify strength. Seven of the eight gaps in Figure 6.5
were bullish; only on bar 2 was the gap to the downside. When there are two or
more successive gaps in the same direction and the bars have trending bodies, it is
a sign of strength. In those seven bull gaps, a large number of traders placed market
orders on the close of the bar and the orders got ﬁlled at the offer, indicating that
the market had to go up to ﬁnd enough sellers to ﬁll those orders. If sellers are only
willing to sell higher and bulls are willing to buy the offer, the market will likely
continue up, at least for a while.
Bar 1 set up a micro measuring gap with the high of the bar before it and the
low of the bar after it. The move up to the 7:35 a.m. PST swing high was an exact
measured move from the open of the second bar of the day. Measured moves often
begin with the open of the ﬁrst trend bar of a spike. If the market goes above that
target, then use the bottom of the spike to see if the market begins to correct at
that target.
The downside gap reversed up on the second bar and it was therefore an ex-
haustion gap. Day traders would instead just think of it as a failed gap down opening
and an opening reversal up.


P A R T II
Magnets: Support
and Resistance
T
here are two types of magnets: support and resistance. When a magnet is
below the market, it is a support level, which means that it is an area where
bulls will initiate positions and bears will take proﬁts on their shorts. When a
magnet is above the market, it is a resistance level, which means that it is an area
where bulls will take proﬁts on their longs and bears will initiate shorts. Support
and resistance are magnets that draw the market toward them. When you become
aware of a magnet not too far from the current price, trade only in the direction
of the magnet until after it is reached. At that point, you will have to decide if it
looks like the market will reverse, go sideways, or ignore the magnet and keep
trending. Magnets tell you the likely destination, but not the path, and there may
be big pullbacks along the way. Also, the market might be in a trading range for
dozens of bars, but within striking distance of a magnet. Although you should be
aware of the magnet, there still can be reliable trades in both directions as the
market decides if it will test the magnet and how it will get there.
Traders are constantly looking at support and resistance. The market has iner-
tia and a strong propensity to continue what it has been doing. When it is trending,
most attempts to reverse the trend will fail. For example, if the market is trending
down, most support levels will fail to hold or reverse the market. However, all bull
reversals happen at support levels (and all bear reversals happen at resistance lev-
els), so if the market begins to reverse up, the potential reward is often many times
larger than the risk. Even though the probability of success is often only 40 percent,
139

140
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
the trader’s equation is still positive and the reversal trade is therefore mathemat-
ically sound. Inertia also means that when the market is in a trading range, most
attempts to break out will fail, and the market will repeatedly reverse up from the
support created by the bottom of the range, and reverse down from the resistance
at the top. Even though most attempts to reverse a trend will fail, all trend reversals
and all pullbacks begin at support and resistance levels, so knowing where they are
can lead traders to take proﬁts and to enter reversal trades at optimal locations.
Most Emini trading is done by computers, and their algorithms are based on
logic and numbers. When they buy a falling market or sell a rally, they are doing
so because they calculated that the particular price was a logical location for them
to place their trades. If enough algorithms are using similar prices, the market can
reverse, at least for a bar or two, and often enough for a proﬁtable trade. Although
some algorithms use numbers that are not directly based on the Emini price chart
(for example, they might use data based on the options markets or other related
markets), unless many programs are coming up with similar numbers, it is unlikely
that there will be enough force to change the direction of the market. When the
market reverses, it always does so at support and resistance levels; with practice,
an individual trader can usually spot them. Because some of these reversals lead
to proﬁtable trades, and because these levels are sensible areas to take proﬁts, it is
useful to know where possible turning points are.
One of the important reasons to look for magnets is that they are logical areas
to take partial or full proﬁts. You should always be faster to take proﬁts on a trade
than you should be to look for an entry in the opposite direction. This means that
you need a stronger setup to initiate a trade in the opposite direction than you
need to take proﬁts. If the move toward the magnet is weak and if it is against
the direction of a larger trend, you can also look to initiate a trade in the opposite
direction, expecting a reversal. The market will usually overshoot the magnet, at
least by a small amount, and if the move toward the magnet is not a strong trend,
the market will usually reverse, at least for a bar or two. If the trend resumes and
goes even further past the magnet and then reverses a second time, this is usually
a reliable setup for a trade in the opposite direction, especially if there is a strong
reversal bar.
Any signiﬁcant type of price action can form support or resistance, and com-
mon examples include:
r Trend lines.
r Trend channel lines.
r Any type of moving average on any time frame.
r Measured move targets.
r Prior swing highs or lows.
r Bull entry bar lows and bear entry bar highs.

MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
141
r Bull signal bar highs and bear signal bar lows.
r Yesterday’s high, low, open, and close.
r The high, low, open, or close of any bar, especially if the bar is a large trend
bar.
r Daily pivots.
r Fibonacci retracement levels and projections.
r Any type of band.
Support and resistance are terms created by traders to describe any price as
having enough of a mathematical edge for a trader to place a proﬁtable trade. These
terms were created by traders to help them spot trades. The high of every bar on
every time frame is at some resistance level, the low of every bar is at support, and
the close is where it is and not one tick higher or lower because computers put it
there for a reason. The support and resistance may not be obvious, but since com-
puters control everything and they use logic, everything has to make sense, even if
it is often difﬁcult to understand. Every price on the chart has some mathematical
edge, but the edges are usually too small to be tradable except by high-frequency
trading (HFT) programs, many of which are designed to scalp for a penny of proﬁt.
By deﬁnition, a price is support or resistance only if it has a directional probability
imbalance. For example, if a market falls to a level of support, traders believe that
there is about a 60 percent chance or better that there will be at least a bounce big
enough for a scalp, which is every trader’s minimal trade. If the chance was only
52 or 53 percent, traders would probably not consider that high enough to use the
term and instead would just consider the price as unremarkable. If the market is
in the middle of a trading range, the low of the prior bar is always at least a min-
imal area of support in the general sense of the word, but that does not mean the
expected bounce is big enough to place a proﬁtable trade. If the expected bounce
is only a couple of ticks, it is not support from a trader’s perspective. If the current
bar is still forming and it is on its low and is one tick above the low of the prior bar,
there might be a 53 percent chance of the market bouncing two ticks before it falls
two ticks. However, that is too small an edge and too small a price movement for
traders to place a trade (although a high-frequency program might make that trade),
and therefore traders would not call it support. The opposite is true for resistance.
Support and resistance exist because the market has memory. Once the market
returns to a prior price, it will tend to do the same thing that it did the last time it
was there. For example, if the market falls through the bottom of a trading range
and then rallies back to the bottom of the range, it will usually sell off again because
that’s what it did when it was last at that price level. The traders who failed to exit
their longs and rode through the bear leg will be eager to get a second chance
to exit them with a smaller loss, and they will hold until the market rallies back
and tests the breakout. At that point, they will sell out of their longs and this will

142
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
create selling pressure. Also, the shorts who took proﬁts at the bottom of the sell-
off will be eager to short again on the rally. The combined selling by the bears and
the liquidating bulls will create resistance to a further rally and usually drive the
market back down.
When the market falls back to a price and hits it several times and bounces each
time, it is ﬁnding support at that price level. If the market rallies to a price level and
keeps falling back, the area is resistance. Any area of support or resistance acts
as a magnet, drawing the market to the price. As the market approaches, it enters
the magnetic ﬁeld, and the closer it gets, the stronger the magnetic pull is. This
increases the odds of the market touching the price. That greater magnetic pull
in part is generated by the vacuum effect. For example, if the market is having a
bear rally toward a bear trend line but has not yet hit it, the sellers will often step
aside and wait for the test. If they believe the market will touch the line, it does
not make sense for them to sell just below the line when they can soon sell higher.
The absence of selling creates a buy imbalance and therefore a vacuum effect that
quickly sucks the market up. The result is often a bull trend bar. Then, the bull
scalpers sell out of their longs for a proﬁt and the bears sell to initiate new shorts.
Since there was no clear bull reversal at the low, most of the bulls bought for scalps,
expecting only a pullback and then a resumption of the bear trend.
Once the market gets to the target, traders think that the market will now
more likely go down far enough to place a proﬁtable trade, and they appear out
of nowhere and short aggressively and relentlessly, driving the market down. The
weak bulls who bought at the top of that strong bull trend bar are stunned that there
is no follow-through, but they misunderstood the signiﬁcance of the bull trend bar.
They thought that traders were suddenly convinced that the market was going to
break above the trend line and a bull leg would begin. They were oblivious to the
vacuum effect and did not consider that the bears were just waiting for the market
to get a little higher. The strong bull trend bar was due to the bears brieﬂy stepping
aside rather than the bears buying back their shorts. The bulls who kept buying
needed to ﬁnd bears to take the other side of their trades and they could only ﬁnd
them higher, where the bears thought the market would begin to reverse. The mar-
ket will continue down to an area of neutrality and usually beyond to the point that
the bulls now have a mathematical edge. This is because the market never knows
that it has gone far enough until it goes too far. Then it trades up and down above
the area of neutrality, which becomes tighter and tighter as the bulls and bears are
better able to deﬁne it. At some point, both perceive that the value is wrong and the
market then breaks out again and begins a new search for value.
Every countertrend spike should be considered to be a vacuum effect pullback.
For example, if there is a sharp bear spike on the 5 minute chart and then the market
suddenly reverses into a bull leg, there was an area of support at the low, whether
or not you saw it in advance. The bulls stepped aside until the market reached a

MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
143
level where they believed that value was considerable, and the opportunity to buy
at this great price would be brief. They came in and bought aggressively. The smart
bears were aware of that magnet, and they used it as an opportunity to take proﬁts
on their shorts. The result was a market bottom on the 5 minute chart. That bottom,
like all bottoms, occurred at some higher time frame support level, like a bull trend
line, a moving average, or a bear trend channel line at the bottom of a large bull ﬂag.
It is important to remember that if the 5 minute reversal was strong, you would buy
based on that reversal, regardless of whether you saw support there on the daily
or 60 minute chart. Also, you would not buy at that low, even if you saw the higher
time frame support, unless there was evidence on the 5 minute chart that it was
forming a bottom. This means that you do not need to be looking at lots of different
charts in search of that support level, because the reversal on the 5 minute chart
tells you that it is there. If you are able to follow multiple time frames, you will see
support and resistance levels before the market reaches them, and this can alert
you to look for a setup on the 5 minute chart when the market reaches the magnet.
However, if you simply follow the 5 minute chart carefully, it will tell you all that
you need to know.
In general, if the market tests an area of support four or ﬁve times, the likeli-
hood of breaking through that support increases and, at some point, the breakout
becomes more likely than not. If the buyers who lifted the market at this level fail
repeatedly to do so again, they will give up at some point and be overwhelmed by
sellers. For example, if the market is resting above a ﬂat moving average, traders
will buy every touch of the moving average, expecting a rally. If instead the mar-
ket continues sideways and they don’t even get enough of a rally to allow for a
proﬁtable scalp, at some point they will sell their longs, thereby creating selling
pressure. They will also stop buying touches of the moving average. This absence
of buying will increase the probability that the market will fall through the moving
average. The bulls have decided that the moving average was not enough of a dis-
count for them to buy aggressively, and they will do so only on a further discount. If
it does not ﬁnd those buyers within 10 to 20 bars after falling below the moving av-
erage, the market will usually either trend down or continue in a trading range, but
now below the moving average. Traders will begin shorting rallies to the moving
average, which will increase the chances that the market will begin to form lower
highs and that the moving average will start to trend down. Once the market falls
through support, it usually becomes resistance; and once the market breaks above
resistance, it usually becomes support.
This can also happen with a trend line or a trend channel line. For example,
if a bull market pulls back to a trend line four or more times and it does not rally
far above the trend line, at some point the bulls will stop buying tests of the trend
line and they will begin to sell their longs, creating selling pressure. This is added
to the selling of the bears, and since the bulls have stopped buying, the market will

144
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
fall through the trend line. Sometimes, however, the market will instead suddenly
accelerate to the upside and the bears will stop shorting every small bounce and
instead will buy back their shorts, driving the market higher.
Institutional trading is done by discretionary traders and computers, and com-
puter program trading has become increasingly important. Institutions base their
trading on fundamental or technical information, or a combination of both, and
both types of trading are done by traders and by computers. In general, most of the
discretionary traders base their decisions primarily on fundamental information,
and most of the computer trades are based on technical data. Since the majority of
the volume is now traded by HFT ﬁrms, and most of the trades are based on price
action and other technical data, most of the program trading is technically based. In
the late twentieth century, a single institution running a large program could move
the market, and the program would create a micro channel, which traders saw as a
sign that a program was running. Now, most days have a dozen or so micro chan-
nels in the Emini, and many have over 100,000 contracts traded. With the Emini
currently around 1200, that corresponds to $6 billion, and is larger than a single
institution would trade for a single small trade. This means that a single institu-
tion cannot move the market very far or for very long, and that all movement on
the chart is caused by many institutions trading in the same direction at the same
time. Also, HFT computers analyze every tick and are constantly placing trades all
day long. When they detect a program, many will scalp in the direction of the pro-
gram, and they will often account for most of the volume while the micro channel
(program) is progressing.
The institutions that are trading largely on technical information cannot move
the market in one direction forever because at some point the market will appear
as offering value to the institutions trading on fundamentals. If the technical in-
stitutions run the price up too high, fundamental institutions and other technical
institutions will see the market as being at a great price to sell out of longs and to
initiate shorts, and they will overwhelm the bullish technical trading and drive the
market down. When the technical trading creates a bear trend, the market at some
point will be clearly cheap in the eyes of fundamental and other technical institu-
tions. The buyers will come in and overwhelm the technical institutions responsible
for the selloff and reverse the market up.
Trend reversals on all time frames always happen at support and resistance
levels, because technical traders and programs look for them as areas where they
should stop pressing their bets and begin to take proﬁts, and many will also begin
to trade in the opposite direction. Since they are all based on mathematics, com-
puter algorithms, which generate 70 percent of all trading volume and 80 percent of
institutional volume, know where they are. Also, institutional fundamental traders
pay attention to obvious technical factors. They see major support and resistance
on the chart as areas of value and will enter trades in the opposite direction when

MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
145
the market gets there. The programs that trade on value will usually ﬁnd it around
the same areas, because there is almost always signiﬁcant value by any measure
around major support and resistance. Most of the programs make decisions based
on price, and there are no secrets. When there is an important price, they all see
it, no matter what logic they use. The fundamental traders (people and machines)
wait for value and commit heavily when they detect it. They want to buy when they
think that the market is cheap and sell when they believe it is expensive. For exam-
ple, if the market is falling, but it’s getting to a price level where the institutions feel
like it is getting cheap, they will appear out of nowhere and buy aggressively. This
is seen most dramatically and often during opening reversals (the reversals can be
up or down and are discussed in the section on trading the open in book 3). The
bears will buy back their shorts to take proﬁts and the bulls will buy to establish
new longs. No one is good at knowing when the market has gone far enough, but
most experienced traders and programs are usually fairly conﬁdent in their ability
to know when it has gone too far.
Because the institutions are waiting to buy until the market has become clearly
oversold, there is an absence of buyers in the area above a possible bottom, and
the market is able to accelerate down to the area where they are conﬁdent that it is
cheap. Some institutions rely on programs to determine when to buy and others are
discretionary. Once enough of them buy, the market will usually turn up for at least
a couple of legs and about 10 or more bars on whatever time frame chart where this
is happening. While it is falling, institutions continue to short all the way down until
they determine that it has reached a likely target and it is unlikely to fall any further,
at which point they take proﬁts. The more oversold the market becomes, the more
of the volume is technically based, because fundamental traders and programs will
not continue to short when they think that the market is cheap and should soon be
bought. The relative absence of buyers as the market gets close to a major support
level often leads to an acceleration of the selling into the support, usually resulting
in a sell vacuum that sucks the market below the support in a climactic selloff,
at which point the market reverses up sharply. Most support levels will not stop
a bear trend (and most resistance levels will not stop a bull trend), but when the
market ﬁnally reverses up, it will be at an obvious major support level, like a long
term trend line. The bottom of the selloff and the reversal up is usually on very
heavy volume. As the market is falling, it has many rallies up to resistance levels
and selloffs down to support levels along the way, and each reversal takes place
when enough institutions determine that it has gone too far and is offering value
for a trade in the opposite direction. When enough institutions act around the same
level, a major reversal takes place.
There are fundamental and technical ways to determine support (and resis-
tance). For example, it can be estimated with calculations, like what the S&P 500
price earnings multiple should theoretically be, but these calculations are never

146
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
sufﬁciently precise for enough institutions to agree. However, traditional areas of
support and resistance are easier to see and therefore more likely to be noticed by
many institutions, and they more clearly deﬁne where the market should reverse.
In the crashes of both 1987 and 2008–2009, the market collapsed down to slightly
below the monthly trend line and then reversed up, creating a major bottom. The
market will continue up, with many tests down, until it has gone too far, which is
always at a signiﬁcant resistance level. Only then can the institutions be conﬁdent
that there is clear value in selling out of longs and selling into shorts. The process
then reverses down.
The fundamentals (the value in buying or selling) determine the overall direc-
tion, but the technicals determine the actual turning points. The market is always
probing for value, which is an excess, and is always at support and resistance lev-
els. Reports and news items at any time can alter the fundamentals (the perception
of value) enough to make the market trend up or down for minutes to several days.
Major reversals lasting for months are based on fundamentals and begin and end at
support and resistance levels. This is true of every market and every time frame.
It is important to realize that the news will report the fundamentals as still
bullish after the market has begun to turn down from a major top, and still bearish
after it has turned up from a major bottom. Just because the news still sees the
market as bullish or bearish does not mean that the institutions do. Trade the charts
and not the news. Price is truth and the market always leads the news. In fact,
the news is always the most bullish at market tops and most bearish at market
bottoms. The reporters get caught up in the euphoria or despair and search for
pundits who will explain why the trend is so strong and will continue much longer.
They will ignore the smartest traders, and probably do not even know who they
are. Those traders are interested in making money, not news, and will not seek
out the reporters. When a reporter takes a cab to work and the driver tells him
that he just sold all of his stocks and mortgaged his house so that he could buy
gold, the reporter gets excited and can’t wait to ﬁnd a bullish pundit to put on
the air to conﬁrm the reporter’s profound insight in the gold bull market. “Just
think, the market is so strong that even my cabbie is buying gold! Everyone will
therefore sell all of their other assets and buy more, and the market will have to
race higher for many more months!” To me, when even the weakest traders ﬁnally
enter the market, there is no one left to buy. The market needs a greater fool who is
willing to buy higher so that you can sell out with a proﬁt. When there is no one left,
the market can only go one way, and it is the opposite of what the news is telling
you. It is difﬁcult to resist the endless parade of persuasive professorial pundits on
television who are giving erudite arguments about how gold cannot go down and in
fact will double again over the next year. However, you have to realize that they are
there for their own self-aggrandizement and for entertainment. The network needs
the entertainment to attract viewers and advertising dollars. If you want to know

MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
147
what the institutions are really doing, just look at the charts. The institutions are
too big to hide and if you understand how to read charts, you will see what they are
doing and where the market is heading, and it is usually unrelated to anything that
you see on television.
Most major tops do not come from climaxes made of huge bars and volume,
which are more common at major bottoms. More often, a top comes from a trad-
ing range, like a double top or a head and shoulders top, followed by a breakout
in the form of a bear spike. However, tops can be climactic, and bottoms can be
trading ranges.
The chapters on trading ranges (further on) and channels (in book 1) describe
how to use support and resistance to place trades. For example, traders will buy
near the bottom of a channel or other type of trading range and short near the top,
and then take proﬁts and reverse on the test of the other side of the channel or
trading range.
In a strong trend, the market extends beyond most magnets. For example, in a
bull trend, beginning traders will discover that the rally continues up far beyond ev-
ery measured move target and trend channel line that they draw. These beginners
will mistakenly be shorting at every perceived resistance level, ﬁnding their losses
growing all day long. They incorrectly keep shorting tops that look great but are
bad, and refuse to buy pullbacks that look bad but are great. However, once there
ﬁnally is a pullback or a reversal, it will always occur at a resistance level. Even in
strong trends, measured move targets often work precisely to the tick. Obviously,
this is in part because computers can calculate them accurately. Computers con-
trol the market and their proﬁt taking has to be at some calculated level, which is
always at some magnet. Additionally, if a trade is minimally “good,” meaning that
the strategy is proﬁtable, the reward has to be at least as large as the risk to cre-
ate a positive trader’s equation. This usually results in some proﬁt taking once the
reward reaches the size of the risk, because this is the minimum level that the mar-
ket has to reach to make the strategy proﬁtable. Minor swings often end precisely
at measured move projections, and many strong trends end exactly at, or within
a tick, of a signiﬁcant measured move target, as the price gets vacuumed to the
magnet.

148
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure PII.1
FIGURE PII.1
Dow Jones Industrial Average Monthly Chart
The monthly chart of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (Figure PII.1) shows several
types of support and resistance (all are magnets).
Trend lines and trend channel lines are important support and resistance ar-
eas. The bar 18 bottom of the 2009 crash reversed up from below a monthly trend
line drawn from the 1987 crash low to the October 1990 pullback. It also was at the
trend channel line created by bars 8 and 12 (creating a dueling lines pattern, dis-
cussed in a later section). All major reversals up from bear markets occur at sup-
port and all tops occur at resistance, but most support and resistance do not stop
trends. However, if there is a strong reversal pattern and it forms at a support or
resistance level, institutions will take proﬁts and many will even enter in the other
direction. Market bottoms more often come from sell climaxes, like the crashes
of 1987 and 2009. Market tops more often come from trading ranges, like around
bars 9 and 15.
The bar 15 high was close to a measured move up based on the height of the
bar 12 to bar 13 bull spike.
The moving average repeatedly acted as support, like at bars 3, 4, 6, 8, 14, and
20, and resistance, like at bars 11 and 17.

Figure PII.1
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
149
Trading ranges act as support and resistance. The breakout below the bar 9
trading range was resistance to the bar 11 rally, and the bar 15 trading range was
resistance to the bar 17 rally. Once the market rallied up to bar 15, bar 16 found
support at the top of the bar 9 trading range.
Swing highs and lows act as support and resistance. Bar 12 found support at
the bar 8 low and formed a double bottom. Bar 13 formed a double top with bar 11,
but the market went sideways and soon broke above that resistance.

150
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure PII.2
FIGURE PII.2
Support Can Become Resistance, and Resistance Can Become Support
Support became resistance and resistance became support in the 5 minute Emini
chart shown in Figure PII.2. This was true for both the moving average and for
trend lines.
Bars 1, 2, 5, 6, 17, 18, 19, and 20 found sellers on rallies to the moving average,
and bars 7, 8, 13, 15, and 16 found buyers on minor pullbacks to the moving average.
Bars 12, 13, 15, and 16 were repeated tests of the moving average, and the buy-
ers were not getting rewarded and soon stopped buying the pullbacks. The market
then fell below the moving average and the bears began to short small rallies up to
the moving average, creating a series of lower highs and lows.
The bull trend line was a best ﬁt line drawn with the objective of having as
many bars as possible test it. Buyers were clearly buying in the area of the trend
line, and it was tested more than a dozen times without a sharp rally away from
the trend line. This lack of acceleration made the bulls more cautious over time,
and eventually they became unwilling to buy in the area of the trend line. Once
the market fell below the trend line, bulls became even more hesitant to buy,
and began to sell out of their longs, and bears became more aggressive. Lower
highs and lows formed and traders began to draw bear trend lines where they
shorted rallies.

Figure PII.2
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
151
Incidentally, any upward-sloping channel should be thought of as a bear ﬂag,
even if it is part of a bull market, because eventually there will be a break below the
trend line and the market will behave as if the channel was a bear ﬂag for trading
purposes. Likewise, any downward-sloping channel should be thought of as a bull
ﬂag and its eventual breakout should be traded as if a bull leg is underway.


C H A P T E R 7
Measured Moves
Based on the Size
of the First Leg
(the Spike)
A
measured move is a swing that is equal in size to a prior swing in the same
direction. You estimate how far the market will go on its second attempt
based on how far it went on its ﬁrst. Why do measured moves work? If you
are looking for a measured move, then you believe that you know the always-in
direction, which means that you are probably at least 60 percent certain that the
move will occur. The measured move is usually based on the height of a spike or
trading range, and the initial protective stop is usually beyond the beginning of the
ﬁrst move. For example, if there is a strong buy spike, then the initial protective
stop is one tick below the low of the spike. If the spike is huge, traders will rarely
risk that much, and will usually still have a proﬁtable trade, but the theoretical
stop is still below the spike. Also, the probability is often more than 60 percent.
If the spike is about four points tall, then the risk is about four points. Since you
believe that the measured move will occur and that the strategy of buying at the
top of the spike is sound, then you are risking four points on a 60 percent bet.
Mathematics dictates that your belief (that the strategy will be proﬁtable when the
probability is 60 percent) will be true only if the reward is at least as big as the
risk. This is discussed in Chapter 25 about the mathematics of trading. This means
that for the strategy to work, you need to have a 60 percent chance of making at
least four points, which is the measured move target. In other words, the only way
that the strategy works is if the measured move target is hit about 60 percent of
the time. Since trading a trend is the most reliable form of trading, if there ever are
strategies that work, then this has to be one. Is this the reason why measured moves
work? No one knows for sure, but it is a plausible explanation, and the best that
I have imagined.
153

154
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Most measured moves are based either on spikes or on trading ranges. When
one is based on a spike, it usually leads to a trading range; and when it is based
on a trading range, it usually leads to a spike. For example, if there is a double
top, which is a type of trading range, traders will often take partial proﬁts once
the breakout up or down reaches a measured move. Traders look for a breakout,
which is a spike, and they usually expect some proﬁt taking once the spike has
reached the measured move area. If the breakout was with a strong spike and there
is no signiﬁcant pause at the measured move target, the spike itself often leads to
a measured move based on the height of the spike. Once the market gets there,
traders will often begin to take proﬁts and the result will usually be a trading range.
Once there is a pullback from a strong move, there is usually a second leg in
the same direction, and it is often approximately the same size as the ﬁrst leg.
This concept is the basis for a few reliable techniques to project a possible tar-
get for the end of that second leg. That measured move area is a reasonable place
to take proﬁts on your trend position, and then you can wait for another pullback to
reestablish your position. If there is a strong reversal setup, you can also consider a
countertrend trade.
When a market makes a sharp move and then has a pullback, it will likely have
a second leg and the second leg is frequently approximately the same size as the
ﬁrst. This is a leg 1 = leg 2 move, but it is also called an ABC move or an AB =
CD. This alphabetical terminology is confusing, and it is simpler to just refer to the
two moves as leg 1 and leg 2, and the pullback after leg 1 as simply the pullback.
The confusion with the alphabetical labeling is that in the AB = CD pattern, the B,
C, and D correspond to the A, B, and C of the ABC move. The B leg of an ABC is
the pullback and it creates a thick area on a Market Proﬁle (CME Group’s graph of
price and time information). The middle of any thick area often leads to a measured
move, and here the target is the same as the one based on AB = CD. For example,
for the AB = CD in a bull trend, if you start at point A and add the length of the AB
leg (which is B – A), then add that to C, you get C + (B – A). For the thick area,
you start at A and then add the length of the AB leg (which is B – A), then move
back down to one-half of the thick area (so subtract half of the BC leg), and then
add the height of B minus one-half of the BC thick area to get the measured move
up from the middle of the BC thick area. Both equations equal C + (B – A) and
therefore give the same measured move projection. This is way too complicated,
and it is of minor importance because you should not be fading the move with a
limit order solely based on Fibonacci extensions or measured moves or any other
magnet. They just provide a guide to keep you trading with the trend until they are
approached, and at that point you can consider countertrend setups as well.
In addition to clear pullback entries that set up measured moves, sometimes
there is a more subtle situation that is equally valid. When a market has a strong
trend move and then a fairly strong pullback leg, and then a trading range, traders

MEASURED MOVES BASED ON THE SIZE OF THE FIRST LEG (THE SPIKE)
155
can use the approximate middle of the range to project where the second leg of
the pullback might reach. As the trading range unfolds, keep adjusting the line to
where you estimate the midpoint is, and that will usually be around the midpoint
of the pullback once the move has ﬁnally completed its second leg. This just serves
as a guide to where you should be anticipating the two-legged pullback to end and
for the market to set up a trade for a resumption of the trend. You can also sim-
ply use a leg 1 = leg 2 measurement. For example, in a two-legged bull ﬂag, take
the length of the ﬁrst leg down and subtract that height from the top of the pull-
back to ﬁnd a reasonable location for where the second leg down of the pullback
might end.
There is a variation of this in spike and channel trends where the height of the
channel is often about the same as the height of the spike. This is especially true
when the spike is strong, like one with exceptionally large trend bars or several
strong trend bars with little overlap and small tails. When there is a strong spike,
the market often makes a measured move in either direction, but usually in the
with-trend direction based on some combination of the open, close, high, or low of
the ﬁrst and last bars of the spike. For example, if there is a huge bull spike, take
the number of points from the open of the ﬁrst bar of the spike to the close of the
ﬁnal bar of the spike and add that to the close of that ﬁnal bar of the spike. The
channel that follows usually will ﬁnd some resistance in that area and the market
will often then correct down to the bottom of the channel. This measured move
target is an area where you can take proﬁts on your long position. Sometimes the
market might make a measured move from the low of the ﬁrst bar of the spike to
the close or high of the ﬁnal bar of the spike, or from the open of the ﬁrst bar to the
high of the ﬁnal bar, so it is prudent to look at all the possibilities. Less often, the
market will not form much of a channel up and will reverse to below the bottom of
the spike, and then make a measured move down.
It is important to remember that most of the time the market is in some kind of
trading range and therefore the directional probability of an equidistant move is 50
percent. This means that the market is as likely to go up X number of points as it is
to go down that same number of points. When there is a trend, the odds are better
in the trend direction. When there is a strong spike, the odds of follow-through
might be 60 percent and sometimes even 70 percent if the overall chart pattern is
consistent with a strong trend move. Also, when the market is at the bottom of a
trading range, the probability favors a move up; and when it is at the top of the
range, the probability favors a move down. This is because of market inertia, which
means that the market tends to continue what is has been doing. If it is trending,
the odds favor more trending, and if it is in a trading range, the odds favor that
breakout attempts will fail. In fact, about 80 percent of trend reversal attempts fail,
and that is why you should wait for them to evolve into pullbacks and then enter
in the direction of the trend. Also, 80 percent of attempts to break out of a trading

156
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
range fail, and it makes far more mathematical sense to fade the tops and bottoms
of the trading range than it does to buy large bull trend bars near the top and short
large bear trend bars near the bottom.
Here is an example of a measured move that uses several assumptions. There
was a strong bull spike made of three bull trend bars that broke out of a trading
range. The next bar was a small doji bar, and this pause meant that the spike ended
on the prior bar, which was the last of the consecutive bull trend bars. The breakout
was strong because there was very little overlap between the bars, with the open of
each bar at or above the close of the prior bar. The biggest tail on any bar was only
two ticks, and a couple of bars had no tail on the bottom. The ﬁrst bar was three
and a half points (14 ticks) tall, the second bar was 10 ticks tall, the third bar was
eight ticks tall, and the fourth bar had a one-tick bull body but a three-tick tail on
the bottom and a two-tick tail on the top. That doji was the ﬁrst bar that lacked
momentum and it therefore told you that the spike had ended on the previous bar.
The open of the ﬁrst bar was eight points below the close of the third and ﬁnal bull
trend bar in the spike, so the spike should be thought of as being eight points tall,
at a minimum. You could use the low of the ﬁrst bar to the high of the third bar or
even the high of the doji fourth bar, but it is more conservative to use the smaller
ﬁgure for your initial projection. If the second leg surpasses this target, then look
at other targets.
As that spike was forming, if you bought at any point, your stop on your trade
might have to be below the bottom of the spike. For argument’s sake, assume that
you would risk to one tick below the open of the ﬁrst bar of the spike. If you bought
at the market at the highest tick when the spike was three points tall, then you
would be risking about three points to make at least three points. At that moment,
you believed that the market would have a measured move up equal to the height
of the spike, which was three points tall. You knew where your stop was, and you
didn’t yet know where the top of the spike would be, but you knew that it would
be at least as high as where you bought. Since you believed that the market was
trending, you felt that the odds were better than 50–50 that the market would go up
three points before it fell and hit that stop three points below.
After the spike continued to grow to seven points, you changed your assess-
ment. You now believed that since the market was still trending, the odds were
at least 50–50 that the market would go up seven more points before it fell seven
points. At the moment, you already had four points of open proﬁt on a trade where
you were hoping for three while you risked three. If you wanted, you could have
bought more at the high tick of the spike, which was still forming, and then your
risk would have been seven points (maybe a few ticks more since you would prob-
ably have wanted to risk to one tick below the bottom of the ﬁrst bar of the spike),
and your proﬁt target would be seven points higher. However, on your initial long,
you were still risking three points but now had better than a 50 percent chance of

MEASURED MOVES BASED ON THE SIZE OF THE FIRST LEG (THE SPIKE)
157
making a total of 11 points (the four from your entry to the current top of the spike,
and then seven more).
Once that fourth bar formed, which was a doji, you then knew that the spike
up had ended at the close of the prior bar, eight points above the open of the ﬁrst
bar of the spike. At that point, you would have concluded that the market had more
than a 50 percent chance of going up eight more points above the close of the spike
before falling eight points to below the open or bottom of the spike (maybe a tick or
two more than eight points on the downside, since the safest stop was beyond the
start of the spike). Since the spike was so strong, the probability was likely more
than 60 percent.
As soon as the spike ended, two-sided trading began, and at that point uncer-
tainty increased. The market corrected sideways to down and then the channel up
began. Although the market might have made a leg 1 = leg 2 move up from the bot-
tom of this pullback, where the spike was leg 1 and the channel was leg 2, when
a spike is very strong, the more reliable target is the one based on the open of the
ﬁrst bar of the spike to the close of the ﬁnal bar of the spike. As the market ral-
lies, the probability of higher prices slowly erodes. When the bull channel reached
about half of the distance to the measured move target, the directional probability
of an equidistant move fell back to around 50 to 55 percent and uncertainty once
again was very high. Remember, a bull channel is usually followed by a move back
down to the bottom of the channel and then at least a bounce, so the bull chan-
nel was actually the ﬁrst leg of a trading range that had not yet formed. Once the
market made it to the measured move target area, it was likely the high end of
that incipient range, and the odds favored a move down. This is true of all trading
ranges. This is an excellent area to take proﬁts on your longs, and because so many
traders take proﬁts in the area of the measured move, the market begins to pull
back. Most traders will not look to buy aggressively again until the market retraces
to around the bottom of the channel, where a double bottom usually forms. This
area is also a magnet. The bulls begin to buy again and the bears who shorted at the
top of the channel will take proﬁts. Since the market is now around the bottom of
the developing trading range, the directional probability slightly favors the bulls.
Once the market enters the trading range, the directional probability of an
equidistant move is again 50–50 whenever the market is near the middle of that
range. If your risk is X points, you have a 50 percent chance of making X points be-
fore your stop is hit, and a 50 percent chance of losing X points before your proﬁt
target is reached. This is a by-product of the markets being relatively efﬁcient. Most
of the time, they are efﬁcient and the odds of making X points before losing X points
are close to 50–50. The best trading occurs when the odds are better than 50–50,
but this often occurs during spikes, which are emotional, fast moving, and difﬁcult
to enter. Traders understand this and that is why the spike grows so quickly with-
out any pullbacks. Traders keep adding to their positions all the way up because

158
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
they know that until the spike ends, the odds of making as much as they are risk-
ing are better than 50–50, and the odds fall to about 50–50 only once the channel
is well underway. When that spike is forming, they do not know if there will be a
pullback before the market goes higher, but they are conﬁdent that it will go higher
in the near term. Rather than waiting for a pullback that may never come and there-
fore missing out on a strong trade, they buy at the market or on one- to four-tick
pullbacks and risk to around the bottom of the spike. This urgency is behind the
formation of spikes, and the increased risk keeps many traders away. Most begin-
ners are unwilling to risk the three to seven points. Instead, they should simply buy
a small position, maybe one-quarter of their normal size, and take the risk, because
that is what the institutions are doing. They understand the math and therefore are
not afraid to take the trade.
This move toward a 50–50 market is the basis of all measured move trades. The
odds are out of balance, and the rally to the measured move is an attempt to restore
uncertainty. The market invariably overshoots and has to backtrack to home in on
a 50–50 market. The measured move area is an overshoot of the odds, and they then
brieﬂy favor the bears. Once the market retraces to the bottom of the channel, the
odds again overshoot, but this time in favor of the bulls. When the market bounces
back up toward the middle of the developing trading range, the odds are once again
around 50–50 and the market is in balance.

Figure 7.1
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON THE SIZE OF THE FIRST LEG (THE SPIKE)
159
FIGURE 7.1
Leg 1 = Leg 2
Exxon Mobil (XOM) had a strong ﬁrst leg up from bar A to bar B on the daily chart
shown in Figure 7.1, so traders bought the bar C higher low for a possible leg 1 =
leg 2 rally. Bar D slightly undershot the target (the top of the dashed line). Once
in the area of the target, many traders saw what they thought might be two-legged
bear rally after the sell-off to bar A. If you were to use ABC labeling, bar B is point
A, bar C is point B, and bar D is point C, and because of this confusion, it is better to
simply refer to the move up to bar B as leg 1, the sell-off down to C as the pullback,
and the rally up to D as leg 2.
Once there was a higher low at bar E and the rally broke above bar D, a trader
could look at AD as a ﬁrst leg that contains two smaller legs (AB and CD), and then
stay long until there was a measured move up (AD = EF, and the target is the top
of the solid line).
Fibonacci traders also look to other extensions (138 percent, 150 percent,
162 percent, etc.) as valid areas in which to look for reversals, but this is too com-
plicated and approximate. Once the market has clearly two-sided behavior, it is just
as reliable to look to buy low and sell high whenever there is a strong signal.

160
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 7.2
FIGURE 7.2
Variant of Leg 1 = Leg 2
Sometimes a leg 1 = leg 2 measured move has a leg 1 that is not the absolute low
of the initial sell-off. The correction up from the ﬁrst leg down is usually a two-
legged move or a wedge bear ﬂag, but the pullback from either often falls below
the beginning of the corrective leg, as it did in Figure 7.2 at bar 6. By the time bar 9
formed what appeared to be the end of the pullback from the ﬁrst leg down, astute
traders were open to the possibility that the correction up to bar 9 began at bar 4
and not bar 6, and therefore thought that the second leg down might be equal to the
bar 1 to bar 4 ﬁrst leg down instead of the bar 1 to bar 6 ﬁrst leg down. The bottom
of bar 12 was a perfect leg 1 = leg 2 measured move to the tick based on the bar 4
end of the ﬁrst leg. If the market instead continued down, then traders would have
watched to see what happened once it fell to the area of the leg 1 = leg 2 based on
a leg 1 ending at bar 6.
Why did it make sense to consider the possibility that leg 1 ended at bar 4?
Traders were looking for a two-legged pullback up before the second leg down be-
gan, and the move up from bar 6 to bar 9 was in a channel and therefore likely
just one leg. Elliott Wave traders know that upward corrections can include a pull-
back that goes below the bottom of the initial move down, and they call this side-
ways type of correction a ﬂat. The ﬂat here would be the move up to bar 5, the
move down to bar 6, and the move up to bar 9. Also, the move up to bar 5 was a

Figure 7.2
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON THE SIZE OF THE FIRST LEG (THE SPIKE)
161
reasonably strong bull spike and therefore it was a possible start of the correction.
The pullback to bar 6 from that spike up was a lower low pullback, and lower low
pullbacks are common. Therefore, as the correction was unfolding, traders were
not troubled by this interpretation.
Bars 5 and 8 formed a potential double top bear ﬂag, but the breakout to
bar 9 eliminated that possibility. However, whenever there is a breakout above a
double top, traders watch to see if it fails. If so, this effectively is a wedge top. The
three pushes up are the bar 5 and bar 8 double top followed by the failed breakout
to bar 9.
Once the market spiked down to bar 10 after the failed breakout, traders be-
lieved that the second leg down from the bar 1 high had begun.
There were some other noteworthy features on this chart. Bar 12 was an ex-
panding triangle bottom with bars 4, 6, and 12 being the three pushes down.
The ﬁrst day opened with a sharp rally up to bar 3 and then a sharp sell-off
down to bar 6 that extended about as far below the open as bar 3 did above it.
Even though the range was small, it was about average for the recent days (the end
of December often has small days). Whenever a day has an average range and the
open is in the middle of the range, the market often tries to close around the open.
Traders know this, and that is why the tight trading range that followed bar 7 had
a good chance of having a breakout that tested the open of the day. The day closed
at one tick above the open, and this formed an almost perfect doji candle on the
daily chart.
The rally to bar 9 was a breakout test of the sell-off below bar 3. The sell-off to
bar 23 was a breakout test of the rally above bar 13, and it missed the breakeven
stops by one tick. It was also an exact test of the open of the day.

162
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 7.3
FIGURE 7.3
Measured Move Based on Middle of Trading Range
In Figure 7.3, Research in Motion (RIMM) had a sharp move up to bar 2 after an
opening reversal from below yesterday’s low, and then a pullback to bar 3. Since
a second leg up was likely after a strong three-bar bull spike, if traders were inter-
ested in knowing where it might end, they could keep adjusting line B to be in the
middle of the developing range. Once the market breaks out, they could make a par-
allel and drag it equidistantly up from line A for a measured move, where they could
expect to take proﬁts. Even though the market was in a trading range, there was a
slight bias toward an upside breakout because the move before the trading range
was up and most of the bars in the trading range were bull trend bars, representing
buying pressure.
Until the market broke out of the triangle by going above bar 6, traders could
have traded in both directions, as they can in any trading range. Since a trading
range is an area where both the bulls and the bears have agreed that there is value,
most probes away from the middle fail and the market will get drawn back into
the range. Eventually, the market will break away from the magnetic ﬁeld and ﬁnd
value at a different price.

Figure 7.4
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON THE SIZE OF THE FIRST LEG (THE SPIKE)
163
FIGURE 7.4
Measured Move Based on Bear Spike
When there is a news release that creates a spike, the spike often leads to a mea-
sured move where traders can look to take proﬁts. In Figure 7.4, at bar 1 the market
was surprised by an announcement about the president proposing new banking reg-
ulations, and this led to two large bear trend bars. Once there is a pause bar like
a doji, a bar with a large tail on the bottom, or a bar with a bull body, then you
know that the spike had ended on the prior bar. Here, the spike lasted two bars
and traders looked for a measured move down from the close of the ﬁnal bar of the
spike. They expected it to be about the same number of ticks as there were from
the open of the ﬁrst bar of the spike down to the close of the ﬁnal bar of the spike.
Sometimes the high of the ﬁrst bar to the low of the ﬁnal bar of the spike becomes
the height of the measured move, but traders will always look at the nearest pos-
sibility ﬁrst and look for bigger moves only if the ﬁrst target failed to contain the
market. This target is a good place to take your ﬁnal proﬁt on a swing short and
then look for a pullback to short again. If there is a strong reversal signal at that
test area, a countertrend trade can be considered.

164
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 7.5
FIGURE 7.5
A Spike Can Lead to a Measured Move Up or Down
A spike can be followed by a measured move in either direction. In Figure 7.5,
there was a strong six-bar rally on the open, but the market failed at the moving
average on this large gap down day and ultimately reached a measured move to the
downside. The move was based on the open of the ﬁrst bar of the spike to the close
of the ﬁnal bar of the spike. Although most spikes end as soon as there is any pause
bar, if the move continues up after the pause, you should consider the possibility
that it will function like a spike, which it probably is on a higher time frame chart.

C H A P T E R 8
Measured Moves
Based on Gaps
and Trading
Ranges
G
aps are common on daily charts where the low of one bar is above the high
of the prior bar or the high of a bar is below the low of the prior bar. If
there is conviction about the direction of the market, the middle of the gap
often becomes the middle of the trend. As the market gets near the measured move
target, traders will look carefully at the exact target and often take partial or total
proﬁts in that area, and some traders will begin to take positions in the opposite
direction. This often leads to a pause, a pullback, or even a reversal.
When a breakout occurs on an intraday chart, only rarely will this kind of gap
appear. However, there is often something just as reliable, which is a gap between
the breakout point and the ﬁrst pause or pullback. For example, if the market
breaks out above a swing high and the breakout bar is a relatively large bull trend
bar and the low of the next bar is above the breakout point, then there is a gap
between that low and the breakout point and that often becomes a measuring gap.
If the bar after the breakout is also a large bull trend bar, then wait for the ﬁrst
small bull trend bar, bear trend bar, or doji bar. Its low is then the top of the gap.
If the breakout point or the breakout pullback is unclear, the market will often just
use the middle of the breakout bar as the middle of the gap. In this case, the mea-
sured move is based on the start of the rally to the middle of the breakout bar. The
market would then be expected to rally for about the same number of ticks above
that level.
If the market pulls back within a few bars of breaking out and the low of the
pullback is in the gap, then the gap is now smaller but its midpoint still can be used
to ﬁnd a measured move target. If the market pulls back further, even to a little
below the gap, the midpoint between the breakout point and that pullback can still
165

166
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
be used for the projection. Since the difference between the breakout pullback and
the breakout point is then a negative number, I call this a negative gap. Measured
move projections are less reliable when they are based on a negative gap.
On a Market Proﬁle, these intraday measuring gaps where the market moves
quickly are thin areas between two distributions, and represent prices where the
market is one-sided. The distributions are “fat” areas and are simply trading ranges
where there is two-sided trading taking place. A trading range is an area of agree-
ment on price, and its middle is the middle of what bulls and bears think is fair. A
gap is also an area of agreement. It is an area where the bulls and bears agree that
no trading should take place, and its middle is the midpoint of that area. In both
cases, on a simplistic level, if those prices are a midpoint of agreement between
bulls and bears, then they are a rough guide to the midpoint of the leg that contains
them. Once they form, swing part or all of your with-trend entries. As the target
is approached, consider countertrend entries if there is a good setup. Most traders
use the height of the prior trading range for measuring, which is ﬁne because the
exact distance is only approximate no matter how you do it (unless you are a Fi-
bonacci or Elliott Wave trader and have the uncanny ability to convince yourself
that the market almost always creates perfect patterns, despite the overwhelming
evidence to the contrary). The key is to trade only with the trend, but once the mar-
ket is in the area of the measured move, you can begin to look for countertrend
entries. However, the best countertrend trades only follow an earlier countertrend
move that was strong enough to break the trend line.
If the market pauses after the measured move is reached, the two strong trend
legs might be simply the end of a higher time frame correction, and if that appears
to be the case, then swing part of any countertrend entry. Two legs often complete a
move, and the move is usually followed by at least a protracted countertrend move
that has at least two legs, and it sometimes becomes a new, opposite trend. The
countertrend move will often test all the way back to the breakout point.
Sometimes the projections are exact to the tick, but most of the time the market
undershoots or overshoots the target. This approach is only a guideline to keep you
trading on the correct side of the market.

Figure 8.1
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON GAPS AND TRADING RANGES
167
FIGURE 8.1
Measuring Gap
The middle of a gap often leads to a measured move. In Figure 8.1, the Emini had a
gap up at bar 3, above the bar 2 high of the previous day, and the middle of that gap
was a possible middle of the move up. Traders measured from the bar 1 bottom of
the rally to the middle of the gap and then projected that same number of points
upward. Bar 4 came within a couple of ticks of the projection, but many traders
believe that a target in the Emini has not been adequately tested unless the market
comes to within one tick of it. This gave traders conﬁdence to buy the sharp sell-off
on the open of the next day down to bar 5. The high of the day was two ticks above
the measured move projection. The market sold off on the next day down to bar 7
but rallied again to test just below the target. On the following day, the bulls gave
up and there was a large gap down and then a sell-off. There were certainly news
announcements that the television pundits used to explain all of the moves, but the
reality was that the moves were based on math. The news was just the excuse for
the market to do what it was already going to do.

168
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 8.2
FIGURE 8.2
Measuring Gaps
Figure 8.2 shows two days that have measured moves based on thin areas. A thin
area is a breakout area where there is very little overlap of the bars.
The market had a sharp move up from bar 3 on the Federal Open Market Com-
mittee (FOMC) report at 11:15 a.m. PST, and broke above the bar 2 high of the
day. The ﬂag at bar 4 tested the breakout with a two-legged sideways correction,
and there was a small negative gap between the top of bar 2 and the bottom of the
bar 4 breakout test. If you subtract the high of the bar 2 breakout point from the low
of the bar 4 pullback, you get a negative number for the height of the gap. Although
the middle of a negative gap sometimes yields a perfect measured move, more com-
monly the end of the measured move will be equal to the top of the breakout point,
here the bar 2 high, minus the bottom of the initial trading range, here the bar 1
low. You could also use the low of bar 3 to calculate the measured move, but it is
always better to look at the nearest target ﬁrst and to consider further targets only
if the market trades through the lower ones. The market reached the line C target
from the line A (bar 1) to line B measured move exactly on the last bar of the day,
and poked above the line D target using the bar 3 to line B projection on the open

Figure 8.2
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON GAPS AND TRADING RANGES
169
of the next day. Even though bar 1 is higher than bar 3, it can still be considered the
bottom of the measured move by thinking of the sell-off to bar 3 as just an overshoot
of the bar 1 actual low of the leg.
On the second day, there was a gap below bar 7 and above bar 8, and the line F
target was exceeded just before the close.
Incidentally, there was also a double top bear ﬂag at bars 8 and 9.

170
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 8.3
FIGURE 8.3
Proﬁt Taking at Measured Move Targets
Apple (AAPL) was in a strong bull trend on the monthly chart shown in
Figure 8.3. Whenever there is a trend, traders look for logical levels where they
can take partial or full proﬁts. They usually turn to measured moves. Bar 13 was
just above the measured move based on the strong rally from bar 4 to bar 5.
Bar 10 was a bull trend bar that broke out above the bar 9 pullback from the
attempted breakout above bar 5. Every trend bar is a breakout bar and a gap bar,
and here bar 10 functioned as a breakout gap and a measuring gap. Although bar 11
spiked below bar 10, the move down was unlikely to have much follow-through as
a failed breakout bar, because the signal bar was the third consecutive strong bull
trend bar. This was too much momentum to be a reliable short. The market tested
into the gap above bar 9 again at bar 12, and this pullback gave traders a potential
measuring gap. The market turned down at bar 13, about 3 percent below the target
based on the move up from the bar 8 low to the middle of that gap. It might be in the
process of forming a two-bar reversal, which could lead to a deeper correction that
could have a couple of legs and last for 10 or more bars. Since bar 13 was the sixth
consecutive bull trend bar, the momentum up was still strong. When this much
strength occurs after a protracted bull trend, it sometimes represents a climactic
exhaustion of the trend and is followed by a large correction. This is a reasonable
area to take partial or full proﬁts on longs, but not yet a strong enough setup for
traders to be initiating shorts based on this monthly chart. However, since there is

Figure 8.3
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON GAPS AND TRADING RANGES
171
not yet a clear top, the market might have another push up to the measured move
target based on the bar 10 gap.
Although it is too early to tell, traders might be using the bar 8 low to the
bar 9 high to create a measured move target. Although not shown, that target is
just slightly below the target based on the bar 4 to bar 9 bull spike, which the mar-
ket already exceeded. Traders need to see more bars before they know whether the
high is in or it will reach the target based on the bar 10 gap. If it does, it may or may
not ﬁnd proﬁt takers and shorts, but since it is a clear measured move magnet, it is
a logical area for both to be present.

172
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 8.4
FIGURE 8.4
Measured Moves
As shown in Figure 8.4, the move down to the breakout pullback bear ﬂag around
bar 3 was steep, and a reasonable target for a measured move down is from the top
of the leg (bar 2) to the approximate middle of the ﬂag (line C). This projected to
line D, which was overshot and led to a moving average test. You could also have
used the bar 1 high for a measurement, but you should generally look at the start
of the current leg for your ﬁrst target. After the line D target was reached, the line
E target based on the bar 1 starting point was hit soon afterward. Note that the
move down to bar 4 from bar 2 was a strong bear trend with no signiﬁcant trend
line break, so it was best to stick to with-trend setups.
The small wedge bear ﬂag around bar 4 was mostly horizontal and therefore a
possible ﬁnal bear ﬂag, but since there had yet to be a sharp rally (like a gap bar
above the exponential moving average), countertrend trades had to be scalps (if
you took them at all). You should take them only if you are a good enough trader
to then switch to with-trend trades as soon as one developed. If you are not, you
should not be trading countertrend and instead you should be working hard to take
with-trend entries. Just being in the area of a measured move is not enough reason
for a countertrend entry. You need some earlier countertrend strength.
On the second day, there was a ﬂag around bar 10, after the breakout above
bar 8. This breakout above the double bottom bull ﬂag projected up to line H.

Figure 8.4
MEASURED MOVES BASED ON GAPS AND TRADING RANGES
173
The ﬁrst bottom was the one-bar pullback in the spike up from bar 7. If instead
you used the bar 7 low of the day, the target would have been reached shortly after
the gap up on the following day.
Once there is a breakout ﬂag, it is wise to swing part of your with-trend trade
until the measured move is reached. At that point, consider a countertrend trade if
there is a good setup.

174
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
Figure 8.5
FIGURE 8.5
Measuring Gaps
As shown in Figure 8.5, line B is the midpoint of the thin area in between the break-
out (the high of bar 2) and the low of the ﬁrst pullback (the low of bar 5). The
measured move was hit to the exact tick at bar 8.
Line E was the midpoint of a thin area and the market greatly overshot its line
F projection. The breakout from the bar 12 bear ﬂag had a huge thin area down to
bar 13, but it was so late in the day that a measured move from its midpoint was
unlikely to be reached. However, at that point the day was clearly a bear trend day
and traders should only be shorting unless there was a clear and strong long scalp
(there were a couple in the ﬁnal hour). The ﬁve-bar spike down to bar 13 led to a
measured move down, and the low of the day missed it by a tick.
Incidentally, the move to bar 7 broke a trend line, indicating that the bears were
getting stronger, and the move to bar 9 broke a major trend line, setting up the
bar 10 lower high test of the trend extreme (bar 8), and the subsequent bear trend
that followed.

C H A P T E R 9
Reversals Often
End at Signal
Bars from Prior
Failed Reversals
T
he entry price of an early reversal that failed is often a magnet for a later,
successful reversal. For example, if there is a bear trend and there have been
several bull entries that failed as the market continued to sell off, each of
these entry prices and the highs of every signal bar will be targets once a reversal
up ﬁnally succeeds. The market will often rally all the way to the highest signal
bar’s high before having a signiﬁcant pullback. It is likely that some traders who
entered on those higher signals scaled in as the market went against them and they
then used their initial entry as their ﬁnal proﬁt target, exiting breakeven on their
worst entry and taking proﬁts on all of the lower entries. It might just be that smart
traders believe this to be the case and will dump their longs at those targets, or it
might simply be one of the many secret handshakes that all great traders know, and
they exit there simply because they know that it is a reliable recurring pattern for
pullbacks to end near earlier entry points. It can also be something of a “Thank you,
God, I will never do this again!” price for traders. They did not exit a losing trade,
and their loss kept growing while they kept hoping for the market to come back to
their entry. When it ﬁnally does, they exit and swear that they will never make that
mistake again.
There is a mathematical basis for just about everything that happens in trading,
especially since so much of the volume is generated by software algorithms that
are based on statistical analysis. In the example of that bear trend that reversed up,
that earliest buy signal is often at the start of a bear channel. When a bear channel
begins, the directional probability of an equidistant move is at least 60 percent.
That means that the market had about a 60 percent chance of falling 10 ticks before
rallying 10 ticks. It can be any size move that is within reasonable reach based
175

176
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
on the recent swings, but the key point is that the market has a downside bias.
As the market falls and the momentum slows, the directional probability falls to
around 50 percent when the move down is about half over, but the price of this
neutral area is usually not knowable until after the market forms a trading range.
As it continues to fall down to some signiﬁcant magnet, the directional probability
overshoots neutrality and actually shifts in favor of the bulls. In the middle of the
trading range, there is uncertainty; but once the market hits the bottom, there is
agreement that the market went too far. At this point, the directional probability
favors the bulls. It will then rally and begin to form a trading range. The directional
probability always favors the bulls at the bottom of a trading range, and that bottom
will be at some key technical price. There are many to choose from as the market
is falling, and most do not lead to a clear buy setup. Some ﬁrms will write programs
based on one or more technical support levels, and other ﬁrms will use others.
When enough key technical areas occur in close proximity, there will be enough
volume betting on a reversal to change the direction. At that point, the math is on
your side because you are buying at what will be the bottom of a trading range. The
reversal point is never known with certainty in advance, but it will happen with
some kind of reversal pattern; it is important to watch for these patterns when the
market is at key technical levels, like at measured move targets, trend lines, and
even higher time frame moving averages and trend lines. This is discussed further
in the chapter on reversals in book 3. It is usually not necessary to look at lots of
charts in search of setups because there will be a reasonable setup on every chart
if you are patient, vigilant, and aware of the patterns.
Once the market turns up, it will usually try to form a trading range, and the
ﬁrst possibilities for the top of the incipient trading range are those earlier long en-
try prices. The market will try to rally to the top of those bull signal bars. As it is
going up, the directional probability falls back to 50 percent, and it continues to fall
further as the market gets near the top of the range. Since that top is never known
in advance and the middle of the trading range where the directional probability is
neutral is never known in advance, the market overshoots until it hits some tech-
nical level where traders believe it is clearly overdone. This is often at the level of
those earlier buy signals. Remember, the directional probability favored the bears
when the price was last there, and when it gets there another time it usually favors
the bears once more; that is why the market typically turns down there again. It
is a price where the sellers took control. The rally often forms a double top with
one of those earlier entry bars and then turns down, at least brieﬂy, as the trading
range evolves. The market will often go up and down as it searches for uncertainty,
which means a neutral directional probability of 50 percent. At some point, the mar-
ket will decide that this area no longer represents value for both the bulls and the
bears and that it is a bad price for one side. The market will then trend again until
it ﬁnds a price that both the bulls and the bears see as a good price at which to
initiate positions.

Figure 9.1
REVERSALS OFTEN END AT SIGNAL BARS FROM PRIOR FAILED REVERSALS
177
FIGURE 9.1
Earlier Entry Points Are Targets for Pullbacks
The monthly chart of the SPY (an exchange-traded fund that is comparable to the
Emini) had a strong bull trend that ended in 2000, but there were several attempts
to reverse into a bear trend as the market continued up (see Figure 9.1). Each of
the bear signal bar lows (bars 1, 2, and 3) was a target for any correction on the
way down.
Likewise, the bear trend that ended in 2003 had several failed bull reversal at-
tempts along the way (bars 4, 5, and 6) and the high of each bull signal bar was a
target for any subsequent rally.
Also, the rally from 2003 had several failed bear attempts (bars 7, 8, 9, and 10),
and each one was a target in the bear trend that ended in early 2009. That sell-off
had several bottom attempts, and the high of each of those buy signal bars (bars 11,
12, and 13) is a target for the current rally. Finally, the rally up to bar 17 had several
attempts at a top (bars 14, 15, and 16), and the bottom of each of those sell signal
bars is a magnet on any sell-off.
None of the targets ever has to be reached, but each is a strong magnet that
frequently draws the market back to its level.


C H A P T E R 1 0
Other Magnets
T
here are many other price magnets that will tend to draw the market toward
them for a test. Here is a list of some. Many of these are discussed elsewhere
in the books. When a market is trending toward a magnet, it is prudent to
trade with the trend until the magnet is tested and preferably overshot. Do not
trade countertrend at the magnet unless there has been some prior countertrend
strength like a trend line break, or unless the move is a pullback in a higher time
frame trend.
r Trend lines.
r Trend channel lines.
r Any measured move target including a leg 1 = leg 2 projection.
r Spike and channel: the start of the channel is usually tested before long.
r High, low, open, and close of yesterday.
r Swing highs and lows of the past few bars or even days, often setting up double
bottom bull ﬂags and double top bear ﬂags.
r Breakout points.
r Gaps of any kind, including moving average gaps.
r The extreme of a trend after every type of pullback (see Chapter 11 on the ﬁrst
pullback sequence).
r Trading ranges from earlier in the day or prior days, including tight trading
ranges and barbwire: the extremes and the middle often get tested.
r The approximate middle of the range on a trading range day, especially if there
is an intraday trading range in that area (a fat area).
179

180
MAGNETS: SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE
r Final ﬂags: after the breakout from the ﬂag, the market comes back to the ﬂag
and usually breaks out of the other side.
r Barbwire.
r Entry bar and signal bar protective stops.
r Entry price (breakout test).
r Huge trend bar opposite extreme (the low of a huge bull trend bar and the high
of a huge bear trend bar).
r Common proﬁt targets for scalp and swing positions: in AAPL, 50 cents and a
dollar; in the 5 minute Emini, ﬁve to six ticks for a four-tick scalp, and three,
four, and 10 points for a swing.
r A move equal to the size of the required protective stop: if an Emini trade re-
quired you to use a 12-tick protective stop to avoid getting stopped out, expect
the move to ultimately reach 12 ticks in your favor.
r Daily, weekly, and monthly swing highs and lows, bar highs and lows, moving
averages, gaps, Fibonacci retracements and extensions, and trend lines.
r Round numbers like hundreds in stocks (e.g., AAPL at $300) and thousands in
the Dow Jones Industrial Average (Dow 12,000). If a stock quickly moves from
$50 to $88, it will likely try to test $100 and usually go to $105 or $110 before
pulling back.

Figure 10.1
OTHER MAGNETS
181
FIGURE 10.1
Big Trend Bar Extremes Are Magnets
When there is a huge trend bar with small tails, traders who enter on the bar or soon
afterward will often put their protective stops beyond the bar. It is fairly common
for the market to work its way to those stops and then reverse back in the direction
of the trend bar.
Bar 1 in Figure 10.1 is a huge bull trend bar with a shaved bottom. The mar-
ket reversed down off the bear inside bar that followed and formed a higher low,
but not before running the protective stops below the low of the trend bar. Smart
traders would have shorted the inside bar, but they were ready to go long above the
bar 2 bull reversal bar that hit the stops and then turned the market back up.
Bars 3 and 4 were also huge trend bars with small tails, but neither was fol-
lowed by an immediate pullback that ran stops.


P A R T III
Pullbacks: Trends
Converting to
Trading Ranges
E
ven when a chart is in a strong trend, it will have periods of two-sided trad-
ing, but as long as traders believe that the trend will resume, these are only
pullbacks. These trading ranges are small enough for traders to view them
as just brief pauses in the trend, rather than the dominant feature of the chart. All
pullbacks are small trading ranges on the chart that you are viewing, and all trading
ranges are pullbacks on higher time frame charts. However, on the chart in front
of you, most attempts to break out of a trading range fail, but most attempts to
break out of a pullback succeed. On higher time frame charts, the trading range is a
simple pullback, and if you are trading on that chart, you can trade it like any other
pullback. Since the bars are larger on a higher time frame chart, your risk is greater,
and you have to reduce your position size. Most traders prefer to trade off a single
time frame and not switch back and forth taking different-sized positions and using
different-sized stops and proﬁt targets depending on the time frame.
If the market is in a strong trend and everyone expects the trend to continue,
why would a pullback ever happen? To understand why, consider the example of a
bull trend. The reversal down into the pullback is due to proﬁt taking by the bulls
and, to a lesser extent, scalping by the bears. Bulls will take proﬁts at some point
because they know that it is the mathematically optimal thing to do. If they hold
forever, the market will almost always work back down to their entry price and will
183

184
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
eventually go far below, creating a large loss. They never know for certain where
the optimum place is to take proﬁts, and they use resistance levels as their best
estimate. These levels may or may not be obvious to you, but because they offer
opportunities to traders, it is important to look for them constantly. Trend scalpers
and swing traders, as well as countertrend scalpers, expect the pullback and trade
accordingly. When the market reaches a target where enough bulls think that they
should take proﬁts, their lack of new buying and their selling out of their longs will
cause the market to pause. The target can be any resistance level (discussed in the
chapters on support and resistance in Part II of this book), or a certain number of
ticks above an important signal bar (like six, 10, or 18 in the Emini). The bar might
have a bull body that is smaller than the bull body of the prior bar, it might have a
tail on the top, or the next bar might be a small bar with a bear body. These are all
signs that the bulls are less willing to buy at the top of the swing, that some bulls
are taking proﬁts, and that bears are beginning to short for scalps. If enough bulls
and bears sell, the pullback will become larger and the current bar might fall below
the low of the prior bar. In a strong bull spike, traders will expect that the bull trend
will immediately resume, so both the bulls and bears will buy around the low of the
prior bar. This creates a high 1 buy signal and is usually followed by a new high. As a
bull trend matures and weakens, more two-sided trading will develop, and both the
bulls and the bears will expect a pullback to fall for more ticks and last for more
bars. The market might form a high 2 buy signal, a triangle, or a wedge bull ﬂag.
This creates a small downtrend, and when it reaches some mathematical target,
the bulls will begin to buy again, and the bears will take proﬁts and buy back their
shorts. Neither will sell again until the market rallies far enough for the process
to repeat.
Some of the buying also begins to dry up as bulls become unwilling to continue
buying only one- to three-tick dips. They grow cautious and suspect that a larger
pullback is imminent. Because they believe that they will be able to buy six to 10
ticks or more below the high, there is no incentive for them to buy any higher. Also,
there is an incentive for them to take partial or full proﬁts because they believe that
the market will soon be lower, where they can buy again and make additional prof-
its as the market rallies to test the most recent high. Momentum programs sense the
loss of momentum and will also take proﬁts and not enter again until momentum in
either direction returns. Bears also see the weakening of the trend and begin to sell
above the highs of bars and above swing highs for scalps, and they scale in higher.
Once they see more selling pressure, they will also short below the lows of bars,
expecting a deeper pullback.
Most bulls will exit their longs on a weaker sell signal than they would need
to take short positions. They initially look to take proﬁts on strength, like above a
swing high or the high of the prior bar or on the close of a large bull trend bar. After
taking proﬁts on strength, they will then look to take proﬁts on the remainder of

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
185
their positions on weakness, and begin to sell out of their longs below bear reversal
bars; they suspect that the pullbacks will become larger. Most will not join the bears
in shorting, because most traders are unable to reverse a trade consistently well.
They have been thinking that the market was going up, and usually need to get out
of their longs for several minutes before they can convince themselves that they
should take a trade in the opposite direction. If they believe that the market is only
pulling back and not reversing, they will instead look to buy back their longs once
they think that the pullback has ended. Since most cannot or will not reverse, they
don’t want to be short when they are looking to buy. If they took the short scalp,
they would most likely not be able to reverse back to long, and they would ﬁnd
themselves trapped out of a bull swing because they tried to make a small bear
scalp. It does not make mathematical sense to try to make one point on a low-
probability short and end up missing two to four points on a high-probability long.
In a bull trend, there is a series of higher highs and higher lows. When the trend
is strong, bulls will buy for any reason, and many will trail their protective stops. If
the market makes a new high, they will raise their stops to below the most recent
higher low. If enough bears short and enough bulls take proﬁts, the reversal can be
stronger than what traders initially expected. This often happens later in a trend,
after several prior pullbacks were followed by new bull highs. However, both the
bulls and the bears believe that the market will turn back up above the most recent
swing low, and both will usually buy at or above that low. This results in either
a double bottom bull ﬂag or another higher low. The sell-off can be sharp, but as
long as enough traders believe that the bull trend is intact, traders will buy and the
market will test the old high, where bulls will take partial or full proﬁts, and the
bears will short again.
As the bull trend matures, traders will only look to buy a deeper correction, and
they expect the market to make two-legged corrections, where the second leg falls
below the low of the ﬁrst. The price action tells traders when a deeper correction
like this is likely, and when they believe that it is, they will no longer trail their
protective stops below the most recent swing low. They will look to take proﬁts
higher, like above the most recent swing high, and then look to buy again around
that low, reestablishing their longs. It does not make sense for them to rely on a
stop below the most recent higher low once they believe that the market is likely
to have a two-legged correction and, therefore, fall below that low. They will exit
most or all of their position before that happens, but still remain bullish. The bull
trend is no longer forming higher highs and higher lows. However, this lower low
is usually still above the most recent higher low on a higher time frame chart, so
the larger bull trend is still intact. This two-legged pullback is a large high 2 buy
setup, and as the trend matures, these pullbacks get larger and have subdivisions.
If the trend has truly reversed, there will be a series of lower highs and lows, but
there is usually a clear reversal (reversals are discussed in book 3). In the absence

186
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
of a clear reversal, a two-legged down move is just a type of bull ﬂag and is usually
followed by a new bull high. For example, the ﬁrst leg down might be a small bear
spike and the second leg down is a small bear channel. If the move down is strong,
even if it is in a tight, complex channel and is not a bear spike, traders will expect
it to be the ﬁrst of at least two legs down. Bulls who bought the pullback will take
proﬁts below the trend high, and bears will begin to short aggressively below the
old high, expecting a lower high and second leg down.
Once the market begins to make lower highs, the bulls will usually only look
to buy deeper pullbacks, and their absence of buying helps to create those deeper
pullbacks. The bears see the same price action, and transition to holding on to
their shorts for larger proﬁts, expecting the sell-offs to become larger. The market
repeatedly sells off around (slightly above, at, or below) the old high, but continues
to rally from around the old low. Upside and downside breakout attempts fail, and
the market loses its direction, creating near-term uncertainty. This is the hallmark
of a trading range. There will be repeated attempts by the bulls to resume the trend
and by the bears to reverse the trend, and 80 percent of both fail. Since a trading
range in a bull trend is just a bull ﬂag on a higher time frame chart, the odds favor
an upside breakout. There will always be some pattern that the bulls and bears
will recognize as a sign that the bull trend is about to resume. When a credible one
appears, fewer bears will be willing to scalp shorts on the rally, and the bulls will
begin to continue to buy toward the top of the range. With fewer bears willing to
short and fewer bulls willing to sell out of their longs, the rally will break above
the trading range. If the breakout is strong, the bears who were building a swing
position, expecting a larger correction or a reversal, will buy back their shorts and
not look to short again for at least several more bars. With neither the scalping
nor the swinging bears now shorting and the bulls not taking proﬁts, the market
usually runs for about a measured move up, equal to about the height of the trading
range. Bulls will then begin to take proﬁts and bears will again short. If the selling
is strong, there will be a pullback, a trading range, or even a reversal down.
The opposite happens in a bear trend. The pullbacks are initially due to bears
taking proﬁts on new lows, but there is always some buying by aggressive bulls
who think that the market will rally far enough for them to make a proﬁtable scalp.
Once the market has rallied to some resistance level, usually in a low 2 or low 3 pat-
tern, the bulls will sell out of their longs as they take proﬁts, and the bears will short
again. The bears want the market to continue to make lower highs and lows. When-
ever they see a sharp rally, they will aggressively short when it approaches the most
recent lower high. They sometimes don’t short heavily until the market reaches the
most recent swing high, which is why double top bear ﬂags are so common. As
long as the market continues to make lower highs, they know that most traders will
see the bear trend as being intact, and therefore likely to be followed by another
lower low, where they can take partial or full proﬁts on their shorts. Eventually a

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
187
pullback will evolve into a trading range, and there will be some rallies above the
most recent lower highs. On a higher time frame chart, there will still be lower highs
and lows, but on the chart that you are trading, this higher high is a sign that the
bear trend has lost some of its strength. As bear trends mature and weaken, they
often form two-legged rallies where there is both a higher low and a higher high,
but the bear trend is still intact. This is the basis for a low 2 short setup, which is
simply a two-legged rally. There will be some pattern within the range that will tell
both bulls and bears that the bear trend is likely to resume, and it will always be at a
resistance level, like a measured move or a trend line. This will make bulls less will-
ing to buy near the bottom of the range and bears more willing to continue to sell all
the way to the bottom. The market then breaks to the downside, the bull scalpers
stop buying, and the bull swing traders sell out of their longs. The market then falls
for about a measured move, where the bears will begin to take proﬁts and the ag-
gressive bulls will once again begin to buy. If the buying by the bulls and the bears
is strong enough, there will be a pullback, a trading range, or a trend reversal up.
The ﬁnal leg of a pullback is often a micro channel against the trend (a bear
micro channel at the end of a bull ﬂag or a bull micro channel at the end of a bear
ﬂag). The breakout of a micro channel usually only goes for a bar or two before
there is a pullback, especially if the micro channel has four or more bars. If the
trend is strong, there is often no pullback and therefore entering on the breakout
of the micro channel is a reasonable trade. When the trend is not very strong, the
breakout from the micro channel usually has a failure attempt within a bar or two.
As is the case with all breakouts, traders have to assess the strength of the breakout
compared to the strength of the signal bar for the failed breakout. If the breakout is
signiﬁcantly stronger, especially if the underlying trend is strong, the reversal at-
tempt will likely fail and lead to a breakout pullback setup that will give traders a
second chance to enter in the direction of the breakout. If the breakout is relatively
weak, like a small trend bar with big tails, and the reversal bar is strong, especially
if the context is likely to lead to a reversal (like a bull ﬂag just below the top of a
trading range), the reversal attempt will probably succeed and traders should take
the reversal entry. If the breakout and reversal are about equally strong, and there
is no strong underlying trend, traders will assess the strength of the next bar. For
example, if there is a bull ﬂag in the middle of a trading range, and the bull trend
bar that breaks out of the ﬂag is followed by an equally strong bear reversal bar,
and the market trades below the low of that bar, traders will evaluate the appear-
ance of that bear entry bar. If it becomes a bull reversal bar, they will assume that
the market is just forming a pullback from the breakout of the bull ﬂag, and will
buy above the high of the bar. If instead it is a strong bear trend bar, especially if
it closes on its low and below the low of the bull breakout bar, traders will see the
pattern as a bear breakout and look to get short, if they did not already short below
the bear reversal bar.

188
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
In the strictest sense, a pullback is a bar that moves against the trend enough
to take out the prior bar’s extreme. In a bull trend, a pullback is a move where a
bar extends at least one tick below the low of the prior bar. However, a broader
deﬁnition is more useful, and any pause (including an inside bar, an opposite trend
bar, or a doji bar) in a trend’s momentum should be considered to be a pullback,
even though there may be only sideways action and not an actual move backward.
As even the strongest trend progresses, it at some point begins to give evidence
of how deep a pullback will be. Most commonly, it will be an area of two-sided
trading. For example, after the spike in a spike and channel bull trend, the market
has a pause or pullback that creates the start of the channel. Once the trend channel
ends and a sell-off (pullback) begins, it will usually test down to the bottom of the
channel. That is where bears started selling, and as the bull channel goes above
their short entry price, they begin to worry. They and other bears sell more as the
bull trend advances, but once the trend turns down into a pullback, those bears
will be very happy to exit all of their entries at their earliest and lowest short entry
price, which was the start of the channel. Once they are ﬂat, they will not look
to sell in that area, because they saw how far the market rallied after their earlier
short trade. However, if they are still bearish, they will short again on a rally. If
the rally ends below the prior high, it will create a lower high and usually leads
to a second leg down. If the bears are particularly strong, that lower high could
be the start of a new bear trend and not just a second pullback in an incipient
trading range.
The same is true for a wedge at the end of a trend. If a bear trend forms a
downward-sloping wedge, the market will try to correct to the top of the wedge
where the earliest bulls began to buy. If the market can reach their earliest entry
price, then they can exit that trade at breakeven and with a proﬁt on all of their
lower entries, and they will likely not want to buy until the market falls again. They
learned from their ﬁrst trade that they bought at too high a price; they did not like
riding through the open losses of their long positions as the market continued to fall
and do not want to experience that again. This time, they will wait for a pullback
and hope the market forms a higher low or even a lower low. They expect that
the original low of the wedge will be support on any subsequent pullback and that
buying near that level with a stop a little below that price gives them an entry with
a deﬁned and limited risk, and they like that.
The tendency of the market in a trend to test the earliest area of two-sided
trading allows perceptive traders to anticipate when a pullback might form and
how far it will likely extend. They won’t want to enter countertrend at the ﬁrst sign
of two-sided trading, but that two-sided trading tells them that countertrend traders
are beginning to take positions and at some point before too long the market will
likely pull back to that price level. After the trend channel or wedge or stairs pattern
begins to develop signs of a reversal (see the chapter on trend reversals in book 3),

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
189
they will take countertrend trades and look to exit with a proﬁt in the area where
the two-sided trading began (the start of the channel).
Since a pullback is a trend, even though it is usually small compared to the
larger trend from which it is pulling back, like all trends it will commonly have
at least two legs. One-legged and three-legged pullbacks are also common, as are
small channels and triangles, but all pullbacks are relatively brief, and traders will
expect the trend to resume soon. Sometimes the legs are visible only on a smaller
time frame chart, and other times they are large and each leg breaks down into
smaller legs, each of which also has two legs. Because traders expect the major
trend to resume soon, they will fade breakouts in a pullback. For example, if there
is a strong bear trend that ﬁnally has a pullback with two legs up, there will usu-
ally be far more bears than bulls as the market breaks out above the high of the
ﬁrst leg up. Even though the market is breaking out above a swing high in a bull
trend, the bulls buying the breakout will usually be overwhelmed by bears who
will short it, because they expect the breakout to fail and for the bear trend to
resume very soon. They will short on limit and market orders at and above the
swing high. They see this breakout as a brief opportunity to reestablish shorts at
a high price. Since 80 percent of attempts to reverse a trend will fail, the odds
strongly favor the bears. This is especially true for the ﬁrst two-legged pullback in a
strong trend.
Any move that has two legs should be traded as if it is a pullback, even if it is
with the trend. Sometimes the ﬁnal leg in a trend is a two-legged, with-trend move
to a higher or lower high in a bull trend or a lower or higher low in a bear trend.
For example, if there is a bull trend that has a sell-off that falls through the bull
trend line and this trend line breakout is followed by a two-legged pullback, that
pullback simply tests the prior extreme and can even exceed the old extreme. This
means that the pullback from that trend line breakout can result in either a lower
high or even a higher high and still be part of a transition into a new bear trend.
Strictly speaking, the bear trend does not begin until after the ﬁnal high, but that
ﬁnal high is often just a higher high pullback from the breakout below the bull
trend line.
What qualiﬁes as two legs? You can create a line chart based on closes and often
clearly see a two-legged move. If you are using bar or candle charts, the easiest
two-legged move to see is one in which there is a countertrend move, then a smaller
with-trend move, and then a second countertrend move (a textbook ABC pullback).
So why does the move often reverse after the second leg? Look at a two-legged
pullback in a bull trend as an example. Bulls will buy the new low (the C leg),
thinking that the second leg down will be the end of the trend. Also, short scalpers
who were looking for a two-legged correction will be buying back their shorts.
Finally, aggressive bulls who bought the low of the ﬁrst leg down (the A leg) will
now be adding to their long positions on the move to a lower low. If all of these

190
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
buyers overwhelm the new bears who shorted on the breakout below the ﬁrst leg
down, a rally will ensue and it will usually test the old high at a minimum.
However, oftentimes the two legs are clearly visible only on a smaller time
frame chart and have to be inferred on the chart that you are viewing. Since it is
easier to use a single chart for trading than to be checking multiple charts all day
long, traders have an advantage if they can see the two legs on the chart in front of
them, if only by inference.
In a bull market, when there is a series of bull trend bars, a bear trend bar can
be assumed to be the ﬁrst leg of a pullback (the A leg) even if the low of the bar
is above the low of the prior bar. If you examined a smaller time frame chart, a
countertrend leg would likely be evident. If the next bar has a with-trend close but
a high below that of the bar that ended the bull swing, then this is the B leg. If there
is then a bear bar or a bar with a low below the low of the prior bar, this will create
the second leg down (the C leg).
The more that has to be inferred, the less reliable is the pattern, since fewer
traders will see it or have conﬁdence in it. Traders will likely commit less capital
and be quicker to exit.
There is an obvious point here. If the trend that is now pulling back ended
in a climax or any signiﬁcant trend reversal pattern, the trend has changed and
you should not be looking to enter pullbacks in the old trend. It is over, at least for
maybe 10 bars or so and maybe for the rest of the day. So after a strong rally, if there
is a wedge top or a lower low after a break of the bull trend line, you should now
be looking for setups to short and not pullbacks in the old bull trend to buy. When
it is not clear that there was a probable trend reversal, setups in both directions are
likely to work, at least for scalps. The more likely it is that a trend reversal has taken
place, the more important it becomes to avoid trades in the old direction, since it is
now likely that there will be at least two legs in the new direction. Also, the amount
of time and number of points in this move will usually be roughly proportional to
the clarity of the reversal. When you have a great reversal setup, you should swing
part or, rarely, even all of your position.
All pullbacks begin with a reversal pattern of some type. It is usually strong
enough to entice countertrend traders into taking a position against the trend, but
not strong enough to be a reliable countertrend setup. Since the setup and the pull-
back are not strong enough to change the direction of the always-in trade, traders
should not be looking for a countertrend trade. Instead, they should be looking for
a setup that signiﬁes a possible end of the pullback and then enter in the direc-
tion of the trend. However, since the pullback began with a reversal, many traders
would be overly cautious and talk themselves out of a great trade. You are never
going to be 100 percent certain of any trade, but when you are reasonably conﬁ-
dent that a trade looks good, you have to trust the math, take the trade, and simply
accept the reality that you will lose some of the time. That is just the nature of the

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
191
business, and you cannot make a living as a trader unless you are willing to take
losses. Remember, a major league baseball hitter who fails 70 percent of the time
is considered to be a superstar and makes millions off that other 30 percent.
When the market is in a weak trend, or in the early stages of transitioning from
a trading range into a trend, it will sometimes have a ﬂag, and then a ﬂag break-
out, and then a pullback, and that pullback becomes another ﬂag. The market will
sometimes do this several times before a strong breakout materializes.
One- and two-bar pauses are more difﬁcult to trade than pullbacks that last
many bars and actually pull back from the extreme. For example, if there is a strong
bull move in which the last bar was a small bar with a high just a tick or two below
the prior bar’s high and that bar was a large bull trend bar and followed one or
two other large bull trend bars, if you buy one tick above this bar, you are buying
at the high of the day. Since lots of institutions fade every new high, there is a
substantial risk that the move might reverse and hit your stop before your proﬁt
target is reached. However, if the trend is very strong, this is an important trade
to take. Part of what makes this trade so difﬁcult is that you have very little time
to analyze the strength of the trend and to look for possible trend channel line
overshoots or other reasons why the trade might fail.
An even more difﬁcult pause is a small doji with a high one tick above the high
of the prior strong bull trend bar. Buying above the high of the doji is sometimes
a good trade, but for most traders, it is too difﬁcult to assess risk quickly enough
and it is better to wait for a clearer setup. A reason against buying a pause bar
breakout is if the last trend bar or two had fairly large tails, which indicates that
countertrend traders were able to assert some inﬂuence. Also, if the prior with-
trend entry followed a larger pullback, like a high 2, you should be hesitant since
each pullback usually gets deeper, not shallower. However, if the market just broke
out and had three bull trend bars with closes near their highs, then the chance of a
successful scalp when you buy above the pause bar that follows these bars is good.
In general, these high 1 longs (or low 1 shorts in bear trends) in the early stages of a
strong bull trend are the only pause bars entries that most traders should consider.
Also, remember that a pause bar after a one-bar breakout is just as likely to be an
entry in the opposite direction, since one-bar breakouts often fail, especially if they
are countertrend.
If a pullback is small compared to the trend, it is usually safe to enter as soon
as it ends. If it is large enough to be a tradable, strong countertrend move, it is
better to wait until a second signal sets up. For example, if there is a protracted
bear channel in a strong bull trend, rather than buying the ﬁrst reversal back up, it
is safer to wait for a pullback from that breakout and buy the breakout pullback.
All bull pullbacks end for a reason, and that reason always is that the market
has reached some kind of support. Sometimes they end quietly and other times with
strong trend bars against the main trend and come close to reversing the trend. This

192
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
is true of large pullbacks, and one- or two-bar pullbacks from breakouts of small
ﬂags. Even the 1987 and 2009 stock market crashes ended at the monthly bull trend
line, and were therefore just pullbacks in a bull trend. Most end at a cluster of
support levels, even though many traders may not see some or all of them. Some
traders will buy a pullback in a bull trend because they are focused on one support
level, whether it is a bull trend line, a channel line along the bottom of the bull ﬂag,
a prior high or low, some moving average, or any other type of support, and others
will buy because they see a different support level in the same area. Once there are
enough buyers coming in to overwhelm the bears, the trend will resume. The same
is true of bear pullbacks. They always end at a cluster of resistance levels, although
it is often easy to not see the resistance that the market is seeing. Once the mar-
ket gets close to the key price, the vacuum effect often dominates. For example, if
buyers believe that the market is getting close to an important support level, they
will often step aside and wait for that level to be hit. This can result in a very strong
bear spike, but once the support is hit, the bulls come in and buy aggressively and
relentlessly. The same is true for the bears who created the pullback. They, too,
see the support level, and the closer the market gets to it, the more conﬁdent they
are that the market will get there. The result is that they sell aggressively and re-
lentlessly until the level is reached, and then they suddenly stop selling and quickly
buy back their shorts. The pullback can end with a large bear trend bar that looks
like it might ﬂip the always-in trade to short, but the follow-through selling over
the next bars does not develop. Instead, the bull trend resumes, sometimes slowly
at ﬁrst. With both the bulls and the bears buying, the reversal can be sharp and go
a long way. The vacuum effect is always present, even during the most dramatic
reversals, like the 1987 and the 2009 stock market crashes. In both instances, the
market was in a free fall, but strongly reversed up once the market fell a little below
the monthly trend line. As dramatic as both crashes were, they were just examples
of the vacuum effect at work.
This same behavior happens on a one- or two-bar pullback from the breakout
of a ﬂag. For example, if there is a low 2 bear ﬂag at the moving average in a strong
bear trend and it triggers a short, the entry bar might be followed by a bull trend bar.
This represents a failed breakout and could be the start of a bull trend or a larger
bear rally. However, it usually fails, and when a failure fails, it becomes a pullback
in the larger trend. Here, it becomes a breakout pullback short setup. Traders will
expect it to fail, and aggressive bears will short on its close and just below and
above its high. More conservative traders will wait for conﬁrmation that this bear
trend bar is just a pullback from the breakout of the bear ﬂag. They will short on a
stop below the low of the bear bar, or the next bar or two, if the pullback continues
a little longer.
Since a pullback is only a pause in a trend and not a reversal, once you identify
what you believe is a pullback, you believe that the trend will resume and there will

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
193
be a test of the trend’s extreme. For example, if there is a bull trend and then the
market sells off for several bars and if you see that sell-off as a buying opportunity,
then you believe that it is just a pullback in the bull trend. You are expecting a test
of the bull trend’s high. It is important to note that the test does not have to reach
a new high. Yes, it is often a higher high, but it can be a double top or a lower
high. After the test, you will then decide whether the bull trend is intact or has
transitioned into a trading range or even a bear trend.
Pullbacks are often strong spikes that make traders wonder if the trend has
reversed. For example, in a bull trend, there might be a large bear trend bar or
two that break below the moving average and maybe several ticks below a trading
range. Traders will then wonder if the always-in direction is in the process of ﬂip-
ping to down. What they need to see is follow-through selling in the form of maybe
just one more bear trend bar. Everyone will watch that next bar closely. If it is a
large bear trend bar, most traders will believe that the reversal has been conﬁrmed
and will start shorting at the market and on pullbacks. If the bar instead has a bull
close, they will suspect that the reversal attempt has failed and that the sell-off is
just a brief, but sharp, markdown in price and therefore a buying opportunity. Be-
ginning traders see the strong bear spike and ignore the strong bull trend in which
it is occurring. They sell the close of the bear trend bar, below its low, any small
bounce over the next few bars, and below any low 1 or low 2 sell setup. Smart
bulls are taking the opposite side of those trades because they understand what
is happening.
The market is always trying to reverse, but 80 percent of those reversal at-
tempts fail and become bull ﬂags. At the time the reversal attempt is occurring, the
two or three bear bars can be very persuasive, but without follow-through selling,
the bulls see the sell-off as a great opportunity to get long again near the low of
a brief sell climax. Experienced bulls and bears wait for these strong trend bars
and sometimes step aside until one forms. Then they come into the market and buy
because they view it as the climactic end of the selling. The bears buy back their
shorts and the bulls reestablish their longs. This is the opposite of what happens
at the end of a trend when the strong traders are waiting for one large trend bar.
For example, in a strong bear trend near a support area, there will often be a late
breakout in the form of an unusually large bear trend bar. Both the bulls and the
bears stopped buying until they saw it form. At that point, both buy the sell climax,
because the bears see it as a great price to take proﬁts on their shorts and the bulls
see it as a brief opportunity to buy at a very low price.
If traders see what they believe is just a pullback, then they believe that the
trend is still intact. When they are evaluating the trader’s equation, the probability
is never known with certainty, but since they are making a trade in the direction of
the trend, they can assume that the directional probability of an equidistant move
is 60 percent. It might be higher but it is unlikely to be much lower. Otherwise,

194
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
they would have concluded that the pullback had lasted so long that it had lost its
predictive value and had become an ordinary trading range, which has about an
equal probability of the eventual breakout being up or down. Once they determine
their risk, they can then set a proﬁt target that is at least as large as the risk and
reasonably assume that they have about a 60 percent chance or better of being
successful. For example, if they are buying a breakout of a bull ﬂag in Goldman
Sachs (GS) and their protective stop is below the bull ﬂag, about 50 cents below
their entry, they can assume that they have at least a 60 percent chance of making
at least a 50 cent proﬁt on their long. Their proﬁt target might be a test of the bull
high. If it is and that high is $2.00 above their entry, they likely still have about a 60
percent chance of success, but now their potential reward is four times their risk,
and this creates a very favorable result from the trader’s equation.
Once you believe that the market has reversed, it usually will pull back to
test the prior trend’s extreme before the new trend unfolds. For example, assume
that there is a bear trend and that the prior pullback was strong enough to break
above the bear trend line and now the market is reversing up from a lower low test
of the bear trend’s bottom. This is a possible trend reversal into a bull trend. If that
ﬁrst leg up is in the form of a strong spike, you then believe that the odds of a re-
versal are now even greater. The pullback from that ﬁrst strong leg up will usually
result in a higher low, but it can also result in a double bottom with the bear’s low
or even a lower low. How can it be that you believe that the trend has reversed
up into a bull trend, yet the market has now fallen to a lower low? A lower low is
one of the hallmarks of a bear trend, and it can never be a part of a bull trend. Yes,
that is the conventional wisdom, but you stand to make more money as a trader if
you use broader deﬁnitions. You might stop yourself out of your long if the market
falls below the old bear low, but you might still believe that the bulls really control
the market. That spike up was a breakout of the old bear trend and converted the
market into a bull trend. It does not matter if the pullback from the breakout falls
below the bear low. Suppose the market stopped exactly at the old low instead of
going one tick lower. Do you really think that is of major importance? Sometimes
it is but usually close is close enough. If two things are similar, they will behave
the same. It also does not matter if you consider the bottom of the bull spike or
the pullback to the lower low as the start of the bull trend. Strictly speaking, the
spike was the ﬁrst attempt at a reversal and it failed once the market fell below the
bottom of the spike. However, it was still the breakout that showed that the bulls
took control over the market, and it really does not matter that the pullback fell to
a lower low and that the bears brieﬂy regained control. All that matters is that the
bulls are in control and will likely be so for many bars, so you need to be looking to
buy pullbacks, even that ﬁrst pullback to the lower low.
Pullbacks to lower lows in bull trends or higher highs in bear trends are com-
mon in the small legs that take place on every chart. For example, assume that there

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
195
is a bear trend and then there is a tight channel rally to the moving average that lasts
about eight bars. Since the channel is tight, it is strong and this means that the ﬁrst
bear breakout will likely fail, even though it is in the direction of the trend. Traders
usually wait for a pullback back up before looking to short. However, that pullback
will often be in the form of a higher high, creating an ABC pullback in the bear
trend. They will short below the low of the prior bar, conﬁdent that a low 2 short
at the moving average is a great trade in a strong bear trend. Many traders do not
think of this ABC as a bear breakout (the B leg is the breakout below the channel
that constitutes the A leg) and then a breakout pullback to a higher high (the C leg),
but that is what it actually is, if you think about it.
There is a special type of higher high or lower low pullback that is common in
major trend reversals, which are discussed in book 3. For example, if there is a bull
trend that has a strong move down below the bull trend line, and then a weak rally
(for example, a wedge) to a new high, this higher high is sometimes the start of a
new bear trend. If the trend then reverses down into a bear trend, this weak rally
to the higher high is simply a pullback from the bear spike that broke the bull trend
line. That bear spike was the actual start of the bear trend, even though the pullback
from the spike rallied to above the top of the bear spike and created a new high in
the bull trend. After the bear trend has gone on for 20 or more bars, most traders
will look back at the higher high and see it as the start of the bear trend, and that
is a reasonable conclusion. However, as the trend was forming, astute traders were
wondering if the market had reversed into a bear trend, and they did not care if the
rally up from the bear spike tested the bull high as a lower high, a double top, or a
higher high. From a strictly technical perspective, the trend began once the bears
took control of the market during the bear spike and not with the test of the bull
high. The conﬁrmation of the trend reversal came once the market sold off strongly
from the higher high. Although the higher high is actually simply a pullback from
the bear spike, it does not matter which of the two highs you think is the start of
the bear trend, because you would trade the market the same way and look to short
below the higher high. The same is true when a bear trend reverses into a bull trend
from a lower low after a strong rally breaks above the bear trend line. The bulls
took control of the market on the spike that broke above the bull trend line, but
most traders would say that the new bull began with the lower low. However, that
lower low was simply a pullback from the strong bull spike.
Any trend that covers a lot of points in very few bars, meaning that there is
some combination of large bars and bars that overlap each other only minimally,
will eventually have a pullback. These trends have such strong momentum that
the odds favor resumption of the trend after the pullback and then a test of the
trend’s extreme. Usually the extreme will be exceeded, as long as the pullback does
not turn into a new trend in the opposite direction and extend beyond the start of
the original trend. In general, the odds that a pullback will get back to the prior

196
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
trend’s extreme fall substantially if the pullback retraces 75 percent or more. For a
pullback in a bear trend, at that point, a trader is better off thinking of the pullback
as a new bull trend rather than a pullback in an old bear trend.
The most frustrating thing about waiting for a pullback is that sometimes it
never seems to come. For example, when there is a rally and you are now conﬁdent
that it would be smart to buy a pullback, the market goes up bar after bar and does
not pull back until it has gone so far that now you think it might reverse instead
of pulling back. Why is that? Every bull trend is created by buy programs that use
every imaginable algorithm, and strong trends occur when many ﬁrms are running
programs in the same direction. Once you are conﬁdent that the bull trend is strong,
so is everyone else. Experienced traders understand what is going on, and they
realize that any pullback will almost certainly be bought and it will be followed by
a new high. Because of that, instead of waiting for a pullback, they are doing just
what the institutions are doing. They are buying at the market and on tiny pullbacks
that are not evident on the chart in front of them. Maybe they are buying on a one-
or two-tick pullback. The programs will keep buying because the probability is that
a trend will continue until it reaches some technical level. At that point, the math
will favor a reversal. In other words, the math overshot neutrality and now favors
a reversal, and because it does, the ﬁrms will aggressively trade in the opposite
direction and the new trend will continue until once again it overshoots neutrality
and the odds again favor a move in the opposite direction.
For example, if AAPL is up $4.00 at $280 and it has gone up for seven straight
bars on the 5 minute chart, it will probably go up for the eighth bar and even more.
Traders are willing to buy at $280 because they understand the logic of the direc-
tional probability of an equidistant move. Since they are conﬁdent that at some
point soon the market will be higher than it is right now and they are not conﬁdent
that it will be lower soon, they buy at the market and on small dips. Although they
may not think in terms of directional probability, all trend trading is based on it.
When AAPL is trending up strongly, they would rather buy at $280 because they
believe that the market will reach $281 before it falls back to $279. They also likely
believe that it will reach $282 and maybe $283 before it falls back one dollar. They
may not think of this in terms of math and the exact probability is never certain,
but in this situation, there is probably about a 70 percent chance that AAPL will go
two or three dollars higher before it pulls back one dollar. That means that if you
take this trade 10 times, you will make two dollars in seven cases for $14 proﬁt and
you will lose one dollar three times. Your net proﬁt is $11, or more than a dollar
per trade.
If instead they wait for the $1.00 pullback, it might not come until AAPL is at
$283. They then could buy it at $282, but that is two dollars worse than what they
could have paid earlier if they just bought at the market.

PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
197
If after they bought at $280, AAPL fell to $279, many traders would buy more
because they believe that the odds are probably better than 70 percent that it would
rally to a new high and they could get out of their ﬁrst long at breakeven and have
a dollar proﬁt on their lower entry.
This is important for traders who are waiting to enter on pullbacks. When the
trend is strong, it is often better to enter at the market than to wait for a pullback.

198
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure PIII.1
FIGURE PIII.1
Pullbacks Begin with Reversals
All pullbacks begin with a reversal, and it is often strong enough so that traders are
too afraid to take the with-trend signal when it ﬁnally develops. In Figure PIII.1, the
chart on the left shows what the 5 minute chart looked like at the time of the bar 10
low 2 sell setup at the moving average, and the chart on the right shows the entire
day. Bar 7 was a strong bull reversal bar, and it was followed by a strong two-bar
reversal and higher low at bar 9. However, the market had not touched the moving
average in more than 20 bars, so the bear trend was strong and the bears were likely
going to look to short a two-legged rally to the moving average, especially if there
was a bear signal bar. When the perfect setup ﬁnally formed, many beginners were
so focused on bars 7 and 9 that they ignored the bear trend that preceded them,
and the reality that a low 2 short at the moving average where there is a bear signal
bar is a reliable sell setup. The rally was created by proﬁt-taking bears and scalping
longs, and both planned to sell into strength on a two-legged pullback to around
the moving average. The longs took proﬁts and the bears reestablished their shorts.
Nothing is ever going to be 100 percent certain, but a low 2 at the moving average in
a bear trend where there is a bear signal bar is usually at least 60 percent likely to be
a successful short for bears who shorted on a stop at one tick below bar 10. In this
particular case, the signal bar was only three ticks tall, so a bear would have been
risking ﬁve ticks for a test of the bear low, which was about two points lower. Many
bears shorted this ﬁrst pullback to the moving average with a limit order located

Figure PIII.1
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
199
one tick below the moving average. Other bears saw this as the ﬁrst two-legged
bear rally, and therefore expected it to fail. When they saw the bar 9 bull reversal,
they placed limit orders to short at or above the bar 8 high and were ﬁlled on the
rally to bar 10. They expected any reversal to be the start of a bear ﬂag and thought
that any breakout to the upside would be a brief opportunity to reestablish shorts at
a higher price; they aggressively seized that opportunity, overwhelming bulls who
bought the breakout above bar 8.
The bar 10 low 2 bear ﬂag broke out with a strong bear trend bar, but was
followed by a bar with a bull body. This was an attempt to have the breakout fail.
The bulls wanted the market to form a failed low 2 and then a rally, and ﬂip to
always-in long. However, traders know that most reversal attempts fail, and many
shorted the bull close and had limit orders to short above its high. Because the
bears did not know whether the market would trade above the high of this bull bar,
if they were hoping to short at or above the bar but wanted to guarantee getting
short even if their limit orders up there did not get ﬁlled, many also placed stop
orders at one tick below its low. If their limit orders at the high of the bar were
ﬁlled, many would have canceled their stop entry orders. If their limit orders were
not ﬁlled, the stop below the bar would have ensured that they got short. Most
would have already shorted the low 2 breakout, but some would have added on
as the market went their way. This is particularly true of computerized program
trading where many programs continue to short as the market continues to fall.
Incidentally, one of the cardinal rules about trading reversals is to exit on the
market’s second attempt to resume the trend. In this case, it was premature to
expect bar 7 to be a lasting bottom. Once the market formed a low 2 at the moving
average, and especially with the bar 10 signal bar having a bear body, all the longs
must exit. Very few had the ability to reverse to short, and those who did not have
that ability exited their small long scalps and missed a big short trade. It is far better
to wait patiently to short a rally to the moving average in a bear trend than it is to
scalp a long.
Once the bull trend was clear, traders expected the ﬁrst two-legged pullback
to fail. When they saw the bull trend bar after bar 21, they placed buy limit orders
at the bar 21 low, since they expected that the breakout below bar 21 would fail. It
would have been the ﬁrst two-legged move down in a strong bull trend, and most
ﬁrsts against a strong trend fail. They also believed that the moving average would
be support and that there would be aggressive buyers there. Their buy limit orders
were ﬁlled as the market fell to the moving average. Other bulls entered on a buy
stop above the bar 23 high, since it was a high 2 buy setup in a bull trend with a bull
signal bar at the moving average, which is a very strong buy setup.
The bar 24 bear reversal bar had a tail on the bottom and was slightly less
strong than the bull breakout of the bear micro channel from bar 20 to the bar
before bar 23. The breakout bar was a large bull trend bar, and it followed two bull

200
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure PIII.1
bars. Some traders shorted below bar 24, expecting the bull breakout to fail. Others
waited to see what the next couple of bars would look like. The short entry bar was
a strong bear bar but held above the low of the bull breakout bar, so the market did
not yet ﬂip to always in short. The next bar had a bull body, and therefore did not
conﬁrm the selling. Bulls bought above its high, believing that it was a reasonable
breakout pullback buy setup at the moving average in a bull trend, or in a bull leg
in a developing trading range.

Figure PIII.2
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
201
FIGURE PIII.2
Every Pullback Begins with a Reversal
Every pullback begins with some kind of reversal setup. The reversal is needed
for many with-trend traders to begin to take proﬁts, and for countertrend trades to
initiate trades. Yes, institutions create the reversal pattern as the with-trend insti-
tutions take proﬁts and the countertrend institutions begin to scale into reversal
trades. However, lots of other institutions and traders wait for the early signs of a
reversal before initiating their trades, and the cumulative effect of all traders cre-
ates the pullback. If the trend is strong and the reversal setup is weak, the pullback
sometimes lasts only a bar or two, like at bars 3, 9, and 19 in Figure PIII.2. Some-
times it is just a pause and creates a sideways pullback, like bar 7.
There was a four-bar bear spike down to bar 2, but the third and fourth bars
had shrinking bear bodies, indicating a loss of momentum. The tails on bar 2 are
a sign of two-sided trading. Some traders thought that this could be signaling an
opening reversal and the low of the day and they bought above bar 2.
The ﬁve-bar bull spike up from bar 5 was enough to make most traders believe
that the always-in trade had ﬂipped to long. They expected higher prices, and they
believed that any sell-off would be bought aggressively and result in a higher low.
However, there were three pushes up to bar 8, and this wedge top could have two
legs down. This resulted in a one-bar pullback that was followed by another strong
leg up. Since the rally up from bar 5 was so strong, many traders believed that any
pullback would be bought.

202
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure PIII.2
Once everyone believes that there are strong buyers below, they just buy at the
market. They don’t know if the market will pull back soon but they do believe that
whether or not it does, it will soon be higher. Rather than risk missing too much
of the trend, they start buying at the market, and they keep buying until they think
that the market might ﬁnally be starting to pull back.
Bar 10 had a couple of doji bars after a parabolic move in a spike and climax
bull trend. The ﬁve bars up from bar 5 formed the bull spike. It was also a new high
of the day. Some traders began to short what they thought could be the high of the
day, but it resulted in only another pullback.
Some traders saw bar 18 as a possible double top with bar 10, and they shorted
below the inside bar signal bar. Since there were seven consecutive bull bodies,
most traders expected more uptrend so they bought below the low of that signal
bar instead of shorting there.
Bar 26 was a bear reversal bar and a possible lower high after a reversal down
through the bar 16 bottom of the trading range. However, more traders believed
that the day was a strong bull trend day and they bought at and below the low
of bar 26.

Figure PIII.3
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
203
FIGURE PIII.3
Breakout Pullbacks
When a channel is steep, it is better not to enter a reversal trade on the breakout
through the trend line and instead wait to see if there is a breakout pullback that
sets up a second signal. In Figure PIII.3, the spike up to bar 2 was too steep to short
the ﬁrst breakout below the trend line. Instead, traders should consider shorting
only if there is a breakout pullback that tests the high of the spike. The test can be a
lower high, a double top, or a higher high. Here, there was a higher high just below
the moving average at the bar 4 bear reversal bar.
The spike up to bar 6 was also too strong to short on the breakout below bar 6.
The bears were hoping for a successful breakout below the bull trend line with
good follow-through to the downside. Instead, traders should wait for a breakout
pullback before considering going short. Here, the bar after bar 6 became an outside
up bar, and it was a higher high test of the high of the tight channel from bar 5 up
to bar 6. It was followed by a bear inside bar, forming an ioi (inside-outside-inside)
higher high short setup.
The channel from bar 8 up to bar 9 had four consecutive bull trend bars and was
therefore too strong to short the ﬁrst breakout below the channel. Instead, traders
should wait to see what the breakout pullback looked like. It was a lower high at
bar 11, and they could go short at one tick below its low.
The bull channel from bar 12 to bar 14 was very tight and therefore traders
should not short the breakout below the trend line. Instead, they should wait to see

204
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure PIII.3
if there was a good breakout pullback short setup. Bar 16 formed a lower high test
of the channel high, and traders could short as bar 16 fell below the low of the prior
bar and became an outside down bar. Alternatively, they could wait for the bar to
close. Once they saw that it had a bear body and it closed below the low of the
prior bar, they could short below the low of the bar 16 outside down bar, which is
a higher-probability short since that bear close gave them additional conﬁrmation
that the bears were strong.
The sell-off down to bar 17 was in a tight channel and there were seven bars
without a bull close. This is too strong to buy the ﬁrst attempt to break out to the
upside. The breakout pullback was to a lower low at bar 20, and the buy setup was
an ii (inside-inside) pattern.
The rally to bar 21 was in a steep bull channel with seven bars with higher lows
and highs. This is too strong to short the ﬁrst breakout below the bull channel. The
breakout pullback to bar 23 formed a double top with the bar 21 channel high.
The following bar was a strong bear inside bar, which was a good signal bar for
the breakout pullback short.
The move down to bar 5 was a bull ﬂag, and it was followed by a breakout and
then a pullback to bar 8, which was at the bottom of another bull ﬂag. It then broke
out to bar 9 and formed another pullback to bar 12, which was another bull ﬂag buy
setup. The market often has breakouts that lead to pullbacks that become ﬂags.
This usually happens in weaker trends and in trading ranges, as it did here.
Although bars 5 and 12 were strong bear trend bars and attempts to ﬂip the
always-in position to short, they did what most such attempts do—they failed. The
bears needed one more strong bear trend bar before they could convince traders
that the short-term trend was down and lower prices were likely over the next
several bars. When it became clear that the bulls were buying relentlessly and the
bears could not push the market down, they bought back their shorts. Their buying,
combined with the continued buying by the bulls who saw the strong bear trend
bars as great opportunities to buy at a low price, resulted in the resumption of the
bull trend. Bulls like to see strong bear trend bars into support. They know that
they represent attempts by the bears to reverse the trend and that most will be
brief and fail. They often step aside and wait for one to form, and they see it as a
likely end of the pullback. This gives them a brief opportunity to buy at a low price.
Experienced traders can buy at the close of the bear trend bar, at and below its
low, and at the close of the next couple of bars. Most traders should instead wait
for a bull reversal bar and buy above its high, or wait for the reversal up, and then
buy above a pullback from the breakout of the bull ﬂag (like above the two-bar
sideways pullback that followed the bar 13 breakout of the bar 12 high 2 bull ﬂag).

C H A P T E R 1 1
First Pullback Sequence:
Bar, Minor Trend Line,
Moving Average,
Moving Average Gap,
Major Trend Line
T
here are many types of pullbacks that can occur in a trend, some shallow and
others deep, and they can be classiﬁed and ranked in terms of their extent.
The ﬁrst time any one of them appears is a ﬁrst pullback for that type of pull-
back. Each subsequent pullback will be the ﬁrst one of a larger variety, and each
one will usually be followed by a test of the trend extreme since strong moves gen-
erally have at least two legs. Each type of ﬁrst countertrend move will therefore
likely be followed by another leg in the trend. The pullbacks don’t have to occur in
the exact same order. For example, sometimes a high 1 will occur after a high 2 if
the trend accelerated after the high 2.
As a bull trend progresses, it eventually loses momentum, becomes more two-
sided, and starts to have pullbacks. The pullbacks become larger and evolve into a
trading range, and eventually a trading range will reverse into a bear trend. Prior
to the ﬁnal reversal, each countertrend move is usually followed by another high in
the trend. Therefore, each sign of weakness is theoretically a buy setup, and each
can occur several times before any other on the following list develops. Also, one
can occur and then occur again later after others have occurred.
Here is the general order in which signs of weakness in a bull trend develop:
r The bull bodies become smaller.
r Tails start to form on the tops of bars, and the tails become larger on subse-
quent bars.
r Bars overlap their respective prior bars more than they did earlier.
r A bar has a very small body or a doji body.
r A bar has a bear body.
r The high of the current bar is at or below the high of prior bar.
205

206
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
r The low of the current bar is at or just above the low of the prior bar.
r The low of the current bar is below the low of the prior bar.
r There is a one-legged pullback (a high 1 buy setup), where the high of the bar
is below the high of the prior bar.
r There is a two-legged pullback (a high 2 buy setup) lasting only ﬁve to about
10 bars.
r There is a three-legged pullback (a wedge bull ﬂag or a triangle) lasting only
ﬁve to about 15 bars.
r There is a break of a minor bull trend line.
r A bar touches the moving average (a 20 gap bar buy setup).
r The next rally to a new high has one or more bear trend bars and a pullback
or two.
r A bar has a close below the moving average.
r A bar has a high below the moving average (a moving average gap bar).
r There is a break of a major bull trend line.
r Once there is a bar with a high below the moving average, there is a second leg
down before the market gets back above the moving average.
r The rally to the new high has two or more pullbacks, each lasting two or three
bars and having more prominent bear bodies.
r There is a larger two-legged pullback, lasting more than 10 bars, with the sec-
ond leg down falling below a prominent higher low, forming a lower low.
r The market enters a trading range, and the bull and bear bars are about equally
prominent.
r The market breaks above the trading range and comes back into the trading
range, forming a larger trading range.
This is the sequence of weakening of a bear trend:
r The bear bodies become smaller.
r Tails start to form on the bottoms of bars, and the tails become larger on sub-
sequent bars.
r Bars overlap their respective prior bars more than they did earlier.
r A bar has a very small body or a doji body.
r A bar has a bull body.
r The low of the current bar is at or above the low of prior bar.
r The high of the current bar is at or just below the high of the prior bar.
r The high of the current bar is above the high of the prior bar.
r There is a one-legged pullback (a low 1 sell setup), where the low of the bar is
above the low of the prior bar.
r There is a two-legged pullback (a low 2 sell setup) lasting only ﬁve to about
10 bars.

FIRST PULLBACK SEQUENCE
207
r There is a three-legged pullback (a wedge bear ﬂag or a triangle) lasting only
ﬁve to about 15 bars.
r There is a break of a minor bear trend line.
r A bar touches the moving average (a 20 gap bar sell setup).
r The next rally to a new low has one or more bull trend bars and a pullback
or two.
r A bar has a close above the moving average.
r A bar has a low above the moving average (a moving average gap bar).
r There is a break of a major bear trend line.
r Once there is a bar with a low above the moving average, there is a second leg
up before the market gets back below the moving average.
r The sell-off to the new low has two or more pullbacks, each lasting two or three
bars and having more prominent bull bodies.
r There is a larger two-legged pullback, lasting more than 10 bars, with the sec-
ond leg up reaching above a prominent lower high, forming a higher high.
r The market enters a trading range, and the bull and bear bars are about equally
prominent.
r The market breaks below the trading range and comes back into the trading
range, forming a larger trading range.
Most of the ﬁrst pullbacks are minor and are still part of the larger trend’s ﬁrst
leg. However, each pullback tends to be greater as the countertrend traders become
more willing to take positions and the with-trend traders become quicker to take
proﬁts. Countertrend traders start to take control at new extremes. For example,
in a bull trend, traders will start to be able to make proﬁtable trades by shorting
reversals from new highs, and with-trend traders will begin to lose when they buy
breakouts to new highs. At some point, the countertrend traders will overwhelm
the with-trend traders and the trend will reverse.
The ﬁrst minor pullback in a strong trend is a one- or two-bar pullback, which
almost always is followed by a new extreme. For example, if there is a bull spike
that goes on for four bars and there is little overlap between the bars and the tails
are small, the trend is strong. If the next bar has a low below the low of the prior
bar, this is the ﬁrst pullback in this bull trend. Traders will place a buy stop above
its high, since they expect at least one more push up. If their order is ﬁlled, this is
a high 1 long entry, which is discussed in detail in Chapter 17 in this book. Aggres-
sive traders will buy on a limit order below the low of the prior bar, expecting the
pullback to be brief and wanting to get in at a lower price than the traders who are
waiting to buy on a stop above the pullback bar or bars. The next pullback might
be three to ﬁve bars long and will likely break a minor trend line and then be fol-
lowed by another new extreme. If this pullback has two small legs, then the buy
entry is a high 2 long (a two-legged pullback, commonly called an ABC pullback).

208
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Although this second pullback can be a high 2 setup, if the trend is very strong,
it can be another high 1 (a one-legged pullback). If the market went from one or
two high 1 entries and then a high 2 entry, and it appeared to be setting up another
high 1, it is wise to wait. After a series of winning trades, you should be suspicious
of renewed strength without ﬁrst seeing a larger pullback, since this strength might
be a trap setting up (like a ﬁnal ﬂag, discussed in book 3). It is better to wait for
more price action and miss a possible trap than to feel invincible and fearless be-
cause you fooled yourself into believing that you are playing with someone else’s
money. If you trade, it will likely become someone else’s money.
The opposite is true in a strong bear trend, where the ﬁrst pullback is usu-
ally a brief one- or two-bar low 1 short entry and later pullbacks have more bars
and more legs. For example, an ABC pullback has two legs and sets up a low 2
short entry.
If the trend is strong, it might stay away from the moving average for two hours
or more, but once it hits the moving average, it will likely form another with-trend
setup that will lead to another new extreme, or at least a test of the old extreme.
In a pullback to the moving average in a bull trend, many traders believe that the
price is at a good enough discount for them to buy. The bears who shorted above
will buy back their shorts to take proﬁts; the bulls who took proﬁts higher will
look to buy again; and the traders who had been on the sidelines, waiting for lower
prices, will see the moving average as support and a sufﬁcient discount for them
to initiate new longs. If the market cannot move above the moving average after
about 10 to 20 bars, it is probably because traders want more of a discount before
aggressively buying. The price is not low enough yet to attract sufﬁcient buyers to
lift the market. The result is that the market will have to fall further before enough
buyers return to lift the market up to test the old highs. This same process happens
at all support levels.
If a pullback goes beyond the moving average, it will have the ﬁrst moving av-
erage gap bar setup (for example, in a strong bull trend, there is ﬁnally a pullback
that has a bar with a high below the exponential moving average). This is usually
followed by a test of the extreme and likely a new extreme. Eventually, there will
be a countertrend move that will break a major trend line, and it often is the pull-
back to the ﬁrst moving average gap bar. It will be followed by a test of the extreme,
which may undershoot (higher low in a bear trend or lower high in a bull trend) or
overshoot (lower low in a bear trend or higher high in a bull trend) the old extreme.
This is then usually followed by at least a two-legged countertrend move, if not a
trend reversal. Each pullback prior to the reversal is a with-trend entry, because
each is a ﬁrst pullback of one type or another (bar, minor trend line, moving av-
erage, moving average gap, or major trend line), and any type of ﬁrst pullback is
usually followed by at least a test of the extreme and usually a new extreme until
after the major trend line is broken.

FIRST PULLBACK SEQUENCE
209
Although it is not worth the effort to pay attention to higher time frame charts
when trading on a 5 minute chart, it is likely that the larger 5 minute pullbacks end
at 15, 30, or 60 minute, or even daily, weekly, or monthly chart points of signiﬁ-
cance like exponential moving averages (EMAs), breakout points, and trend lines.
Also, there is often a tendency for the ﬁrst pullback to the 15 minute moving av-
erage to be followed by a test of the trend extreme, and then a pullback to the 30
or 60 minute moving average, which would likely be followed by another test of
the extreme. With higher time frame points of signiﬁcance occurring relatively in-
frequently, spending time looking for tests of those points will be a distraction and
cause traders to miss too many 5 minute signals.
If a trend is strong and you have made several proﬁtable trades but there are
now several sideways bars, be cautious about further entries because this is effec-
tively a trading range. In a bull trend, you can buy if there is a setup near the low
of the range, but be careful buying a breakout of the high of the trading range, be-
cause bears might be willing to sell a new high and bulls might be beginning to take
proﬁts at the high.
The same is true in a bear ﬂag after a protracted down move. Sideways bars
mean that both buyers and sellers are active, so you do not want to be shorting on
a breakout of the low of the ﬂag. However, if there is a short setup near the top of
the ﬂag, your risk is small and the trade is worth taking.

210
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 11.1
FIGURE 11.1
Subsequent Pullbacks Tend to Get Larger
In a trend there will always be pullbacks, and they tend to get larger the longer the
trend extends. However, until there is a reversal, each pullback should at least test
the prior extreme (in Figure 11.1, in a bear trend, the prior low of the day), and the
test will usually create a new extreme.
Bar 1 was a two-legged higher high after a bull trend line break. It reversed
down in a two-bar reversal. At that point, smart traders were looking for short en-
tries in the potential new bear trend instead of long entries in the prior bull trend.
Bar 3 was a short after a two-bar pullback to the moving average, which was
the ﬁrst pullback after the two-bar bear spike that started the reversal down from
above yesterday’s high. It was a breakout pullback following the breakout below
yesterday’s swing low.
Bar 4 was the ﬁrst break of a bear trend line and of the moving average, albeit
by only a tick or so, and was followed by a new low. It went above a minor swing
high, and therefore was a small higher high, but it failed to get above the moving
average, the top of the bear spike that followed bar 3, or the swing high before bar
3. Most traders saw this as a simple two-bar reversal and a low 2 short setup at the
moving average. There were only two or three bars in each of the legs of this ABC,
and that is rarely enough for traders to see this small rally as a trend reversal.

Figure 11.1
FIRST PULLBACK SEQUENCE
211
Bar 5 was another test of the moving average, and this time there were two
closes above the moving average, but barely, and the pullback was followed by a
new low. Instead of moving above the small swing high that followed bar 4, it failed
one tick shy and formed a double top. Traders saw bar 4 as a signiﬁcant lower high
because it was followed by a new bear low. Once the market fell to a new low after
bar 5, bar 5 became the most recent lower high of signiﬁcance. Bears moved their
protective stops from above bar 4 to above bar 5.
Bar 8 broke a major trend line and formed the ﬁrst moving average gap bar (a
bar with a low above the EMA). The ﬁrst gap bar is usually followed by a test of the
low, but sometimes there is a second entry. The break of a major trend line might
be the ﬁrst leg of a new trend but will usually be followed by a test of the low that
can either overshoot or undershoot the low before a countertrend move of at least
two legs unfolds (here, in a bear trend, a rally). At this point, traders needed to be
looking to buy instead of continuing to trade the old bear trend. The pause bar after
bar 8 set up a short because it led to a failed breakout above the bear trend line.
The rally to bar 8 also broke above the minor highs between bars 6 and 7,
creating a minor higher high at bar 8. However, bar 8 was still a lower high in the
larger bear trend. The market fell for many bars to bar 9, where it tested the bar 6
bear low. However, instead of reaching a new bear low, bar 9 formed a higher low.
Most bears would have moved their protective stops to just above the bar 8 high.
They would likely have exited sooner, because they decided that the market had
reversed to always-in long on the two-bar bull spike up from the bar 9 higher low,
or when it went above the two-bar bull ﬂag that formed two bars later. Once the
market went above bar 8 and formed a higher high, they expected higher prices.
The market formed a double bottom bull ﬂag at bars 7 and 9. Bar 9 dipped one
tick below bar 7, running stops, but it was not able to put in a new low. The bulls
were defending their longs and were aggressively buying the dips (accumulation).
The second leg up was completed the next day.
Compare the bars 4, 5, and 8 tests of the moving average and notice that
bar 5 penetrated it more than bar 4, and bar 8 had more penetration than bar 5.
This is to be expected, and when this is the case be careful about placing a short
trade, because there will be many smart bears who will short only at a higher price,
and many bulls who will be conﬁdent enough to buy dips. This reduces the selling
pressure and makes your short entry risky.

212
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 11.2
FIGURE 11.2
Moving Average Pullbacks
The market reversed at the bar 1 lower low in Figure 11.2. There were several pull-
backs to the 20-bar exponential moving average that led to new highs on the move
up to bar 4.
Bar 4 was a trend channel line overshoot that led to a sharp correction to bar
5, which tested the 15 minute 20-bar EMA (dotted line) and was then followed by a
test of the trend high (bar 6 was a higher high).
The market gapped down to bar 7, and, although the market initially appeared
bearish, the move down was the ﬁrst pullback to the 60 minute 20-bar EMA (dashed
line) and it was followed by the bar 8 new high.

C H A P T E R 1 2
Double Top Bear
Flags and Double
Bottom Bull Flags
A
bull trend often ends with a double top, and a bear trend often ends with
a double bottom. Since a pullback in a bull trend is a small bear trend, this
small bear trend can end in a double bottom. Because it is a pullback in a
bull trend, it is a bull ﬂag and can be referred to as a double bottom bull ﬂag. It is
two legs down in a bull trend, and therefore a high 2 buy setup. It is a particularly
reliable type of high 2 buy setup, so I generally refer to it as a double bottom to
distinguish it from other high 2 patterns. Likewise, a pullback in a bear trend is a
bear ﬂag and it is a small bull trend, and that small bull trend can end with a double
top. If it does, that double top is a double top bear ﬂag.
In a bull trend, bulls often trail their protective stops below the most recent
higher low, because they want the trend to continue to make higher lows and higher
highs. A double bottom bull ﬂag is, in part, due to bulls defending their trailing stops
below the most recent swing low. If the market falls below the most recent swing
low, traders will see the bull trend as weaker, and possibly over. That would be a
lower low, and they would be concerned that it might be followed by a lower high
instead of a new high. If so, the market might be forming a two-legged correction (a
large high 2 buy setup), or even a trend reversal. Because of this, if the bulls have a
lot of conviction in the trend, they will buy heavily at and just above the most recent
swing low, creating a double bottom bull ﬂag. The opposite is true in a bear trend,
where the bears want the market to keep forming lower highs and lows. Many will
trail their protective stops just above the most recent lower high, and strong bears
often short aggressively on any rally up to that most recent lower high. This can
result in a double top bear ﬂag.
213

214
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Any pullback in a bull or bear trend can turn into either a double bottom bull
ﬂag or a double top bear ﬂag. Sometimes both are present within the same pullback,
and then this small trading range puts the market in breakout mode. If the market
breaks to the upside, traders will see the pattern as a double bottom bull ﬂag, and
if it breaks to the downside, they will see it as a double top bear ﬂag. If there is
signiﬁcant momentum up or down before the pattern, that momentum increases
the odds that the trading range will just be a continuation pattern. For example,
if there was a strong move up just before the trading range, an upside breakout is
more likely and traders should look to buy the reversal up from a double bottom
at the bottom of the range. If there is then an upside breakout, traders will see
the pattern as a double bottom bull ﬂag. If instead the market was in a bear spike
just before the trading range, traders should look to sell the reversal down from
a double top within the pattern and expect a downside breakout. If that happens,
traders will see the trading range as a double top bear ﬂag.
When there is a bull trend and then a two-legged pullback where either of the
down legs is a bear spike, which might appear unremarkable, the bears will want
the market to stay below the lower high that followed the ﬁrst leg down. They will
short in an attempt to reverse the trend into a bear trend. The bulls always want the
opposite because trading is a zero-sum game—what’s good for the bears is bad for
the bulls and vice versa. The rally up from the second leg down often will stall at or
just below the lower high. The bulls want the rally to go above the lower high, run
the protective stops of the bears, and then reach a new high. The bears will short
aggressively to keep that from happening and are often willing to short heavily at a
tick or two below the lower high and at the lower high. This is why the rally often
goes all the way up to the lower high before the market turns down. It is the ﬁnal
defense of the bears, and they will be at their absolute strongest at the lower high. If
the bears win and the market turns down, this creates a double top bear ﬂag, and a
bear channel often follows. After the lower high and the double top test of the lower
high, the bears next want a lower low and then a series of lower highs and lows.
Whether or not the rally up from the second leg down stalls at the lower high,
above it, or below it, if the market then sells off again, it can form a double bottom
with the bottom of the pullback. If there is a reasonable buy setup, traders will buy
it, looking for this double bottom to be a bull ﬂag that will be followed by a new
high in the bull trend. Many bulls who bought at the bottom of the two legs down
will have their protective stops just below the pullback. If the market starts up
and comes back down again, the bulls will buy aggressively at a tick or two above
the bottom of the ﬁrst leg down in an attempt to turn the market up. They don’t
want the market to create a lower low after the lower high, because this is a sign
of strength by the bears and it would increase the chances that the market would
trade either further down or sideways instead of up. If they succeed, they might be
able to resume a bull trend. If the market falls a tick or two below the bottom of

DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
215
that ﬁrst leg down, it might run the protective stops of the bulls and then break out
into a measured move down.
Two-legged pullbacks are common in any trend, and they are often horizontal
with both legs ending around the same price. Sometimes the pullback can last for
dozens of bars before the trend resumes. The sideways move often begins and ends
with small legs that have extremes that are very close in price (the second spike can
slightly overshoot or undershoot the ﬁrst one). The trend resumption from each of
the legs is an attempt to extend the trend. For example, if there is a bear trend and
then a pullback, and then the market sells off again, the bears are pushing for a
lower low and an extension of the bear trend. However, if instead the market ﬁnds
more buyers than sellers above the bear low and forms a higher low, the bears have
failed to drive the market down to a new low. If this second leg up does not result
in a new bull trend and the bears are able to regain control and create a low 2 short
entry, they will drive the market down again in an attempt to have the market break
out to a new low. If again the bulls overwhelm the bears around the same price
as they did earlier, the bears will have failed twice at the same price level. When
the market fails twice in an attempt to do something, it usually then tries to do the
opposite. Those two pushes down that ended around the same price, just above the
bear low, create a double bottom bull ﬂag. It is a higher low that has two bottoms
instead of one. It is a type of failed low 2, and is a reliable buy signal in this situation.
Similarly, if there is a sell-off in a bull trend but then the bulls regain control of
the market and try to rally it up beyond the old high and fail, then the bears were
successful in driving the market down again and they created a lower high. If the
bulls once again take control and once more push the market up as they try for a
new bull high, and again the bears overwhelm them around the same price as they
did earlier, there will be a double top. Since the market twice tried to break out to
a new bull high and failed, it will likely try to go in the opposite direction. There
aren’t enough bulls near the old high to create a new high, so the market will have
to go lower to ﬁnd more bulls. Instead of being a successful ABC pullback (a high 2
buy setup) in the bull trend, the pullback failed to ﬁnd enough bulls to create a new
high and the result was a lower high, which was made of a double top.
A common form of this occurs in spike and channel trends. For example, if
there is a spike up and then a pullback that leads to a bull channel, the market
usually eventually corrects down to test the bottom of the channel, where it tries to
turn up again. This test of the bottom of the channel creates a double bottom with
the bottom of the channel, which might have been dozens of bars earlier, and since
it is in a bull trend (a spike and channel bull trend), it is a double bottom bull ﬂag.
A head and shoulders continuation pattern is another variation, with the spikes
on either side of the right shoulder forming a double top or bottom.
Unlike a double top that is a reversal pattern at the top of a bull move, a double
top bear ﬂag is a continuation pattern in a bear trend that is already underway.

216
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Both double tops lead to a sell-off. Since a double top bear ﬂag functions like any
other double top, many traders simply call it a double top and think of it as the
top of a corrective move up in a market that has already turned down. Similarly, a
double bottom bull ﬂag is a continuation pattern in a move up and not a reversal
pattern at the bottom of a bear trend. A double bottom bull ﬂag is simply a double
bottom, and like all double bottoms, it is a buy setup.
The ﬁrst higher low in a new bull trend often takes the form of a double bottom
bull ﬂag, and the ﬁrst lower high of a new bear trend often is a double top bear ﬂag.
When a double top bear ﬂag or a double bottom bull ﬂag fail and the market
breaks out in the wrong direction, watch to see if the breakout is successful. If it is
not and it fails within a bar or two, the market usually sets up a variation of a wedge
ﬂag. For example, if a double bottom bull ﬂag sets up but the market immediately
reverses and falls below the double bottom, there might be a downside measured
move based on the height of the failed double bottom. This is often a short setup
where traders enter on a sell stop at one tick below the double bottom. However,
if the downside breakout fails within a bar or two and the market trades above the
high of the prior bar, then this is a three-push bottom entry (functionally the same
as a wedge). The two bars that formed the double bottom formed the ﬁrst two
pushes down, and the failed breakout is the ﬁnal push down. The critical feature of
any wedge is the three pushes, not a perfect wedge shape.

Figure 12.1
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
217
FIGURE 12.1
Bull Flags
A with-trend bull ﬂag sets up a long entry on a buy stop order at one tick above the
high of the previous bar, and the initial protective stop is one tick below the low of
that signal bar. After the entry bar closes, the stop is moved to one tick below the
entry bar if it is a trend bar. If it is a small bar, don’t tighten the stop until there is a
trend bar in your direction.
Although double bottoms are well-known reversal patterns at the bottom of
bear markets, these ﬂags are with-trend setups in bull markets. By ending the pull-
back, which is a small bear trend, they are reversing it, but it is better to think of
them as with-trend patterns.
As shown in Figure 12.1, the double top bear ﬂag at bar 2 failed and resulted in
a tradable long (and became a small head and shoulders bottom).
Bar 7 was a setup for a double bottom bull ﬂag within a small trading range that
had just formed a double top bear ﬂag. Since the momentum leading up to the trad-
ing range was strongly up, the odds favored that the pattern would break to the
upside and become a double bottom bull ﬂag, instead of breaking to the downside
and becoming a double top bear ﬂag. The minimum target after the breakout up or
down is a measured move based on the height of the small trading range.

218
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.2
FIGURE 12.2
Double Bottom Bull Flag
As shown in Figure 12.2, Goldman Sachs (GS) had a bull spike up from bar 3 to bar
4 and then a pullback to bar 5. This was followed by a channel up to bar 6 and a pull-
back to around the bottom of the channel. This created a double bottom bull ﬂag
with bars 5 and 7, even though there was the bar 6 higher high in between. Bar 5 was
the last higher low of the bull trend, and bar 7 was possibly the ﬁrst swing low of a
bear trend or trading range. In this situation, the market could have formed a head
and shoulders top if bar 6 was not exceeded by the rally off bar 7. In any case, a dou-
ble bottom bull ﬂag is a reliable setup for at least a scalp. Also, since most head and
shoulders tops, like all tops, turn into failures and become continuation patterns, it
is always wise to keep buying near the bottom of any trading range in a bull trend.
In a trend, most reversal patterns fail and most continuation patterns succeed.
There was also a small double bottom bull ﬂag after the bar 3 low formed by
the third and seventh bars that followed bar 3. This was a failed low 2 short setup,
which often becomes a double bottom bull ﬂag.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Bar 1 in Figure 12.2 was a strong bull reversal bar that reversed the breakout below
the moving average and the small trading range into yesterday’s close. There was a

Figure 12.2
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
219
two-bar bear spike down to bar 3 and then the market went sideways as the bulls and
bears fought over the direction of the channel. Because the bull spike was bigger (some
traders saw the spike ending at the high of bar 1 and others saw it as ending at bar 2),
the odds favored that the bulls would create a bull channel and that the bears would fail
in their attempt to get follow-through after their spike down. The double bottom bull
ﬂag after bar 3 was a higher low buy setup that led to a wedge channel that ended at
bar 6. Since it was a wedge, two legs down were likely, and since it was a bull spike and
channel, a test of the bar 3 area where the channel began was also likely. Sometimes the
test takes more than a day, but once it forms, the market usually tries to form a double
bottom with the low of the channel. Because the spikes up to bar 2 and to bar 6 were
so strong, the market might not come down to the bar 3 area, and instead might form a
wedge bull ﬂag with bars 5 and 7 being the ﬁrst two pushes down. In fact, that is what
happened, and GS gapped up on the following day.

220
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.3
FIGURE 12.3
Double Bottom Bull Flags
Bars 2 and 3 and bars 5 and 6 formed double bottom bull ﬂags in Figure 12.3. Both
bars 3 and 6 slightly undershot their ﬁrst legs, but patterns are rarely perfect.
When the double bottom forms right near the trend low as it did with bars 2
and 3, the pattern is often a small spike up and trading range, and it is often an ii
pattern on a higher time frame chart.
The move up from bar 4 was almost vertical and therefore a spike. The move up
from bar 5 was the channel, even though it also was nearly vertical. This is a spike
and climax type of spike and channel bull trend. After the channel phase of a bull
spike and channel pattern, the market usually tests to the bottom of the channel and
sets up a double bottom bull ﬂag, as it did here, at bar 6. From there, the market
usually bounces up to at least about a quarter of the trading range. After that, the
pattern has played out and traders should look for the next pattern.
The move up from bar 5 stalled around the top of the move up from bar 4. Some
traders saw this as a double top bear ﬂag and shorted. The market then sold off and
found support at bar 6 around the level of the bar 5 pullback. Many of the double
top shorts took proﬁts on the test of the bar 5 low, and strong bulls defended that
low by buying aggressively. This set up a double bottom bull ﬂag signal. The upside
breakout went for an approximate measured move up.

Figure 12.4
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
221
FIGURE 12.4
Head and Shoulders Top or Double Bottom
The daily chart of GS was forming either a head and shoulders bear ﬂag or a possi-
ble double bottom pullback, as shown in Figure 12.4. The market had a spike up to
bar 2 and then a pullback to a higher low at bar 3, which was retested a couple of
weeks later at bar 4. Then the market had a bull channel up to bar 5 and then a test
to the bottom of the channel at bar 6, where it set up a double bottom bull ﬂag with
the bar 4 low. The minimum objective is a bounce of about 25 percent of the height
of the sell-off from bar 5 to bar 6.
For the bears, the left shoulder is bar 2 and the right shoulder is bar 7. The bears
want the market to break below the neckline drawn across the lows of bars 3, 4,
and 6. The bulls, however, see the double bottom formed by bars 4 and 6 and want a
rally. They will buy the pullback down to bar 8, and if they are successful in turning
the market up, this would become a double bottom pullback long trade.
The early bears shorted below the bar 7 right shoulder instead of waiting for the
breakout below the neckline, and they would buy back their shorts if the market
went above the bar 7 right shoulder. That would create a failed head and shoulders
top, and the minimum objective to the upside would be a measured move up from
the bar 6 low to the bar 7 high.

222
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.4
The rally up to bar 2 was strong enough for most traders to believe that the
market would soon be higher (they believed that the market had ﬂipped to always-
in long). This made traders hesitant to short the double top bear ﬂag that formed a
couple of weeks later. However, because they were looking for higher prices after
the possible bottom at bar 1 and the strong rally to bar 2, they bought the bar 4
double bottom bull ﬂag.

Figure 12.5
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
223
FIGURE 12.5
Failed Double Bottom
In Figure 12.5, the market formed a ﬁve-bar bear spike that was followed by a two-
bar bull spike at bar 2.
Bar 4 attempted to form a double bottom bull ﬂag with the bar before bar 3
and with the bull entry bar after bar 2. Bars 5 and 6 also tried to complete the
base. Often the market breaks below the ﬁrst bottom by a tick or so, trapping bulls
out and bears in, as was the case at bar 5. Bar 6 was an exact test of the bar 5 false
breakout of the bar 4 low, and was an outside up entry bar or signal bar for a double
bottom bull ﬂag. It led to the bar 7 breakout of the top of the range, which quickly
failed in a two-bar reversal.
The market made a second one-tick breakout below the trading range at bar 8.
It is important to realize that if the market falls below that low by even a tick,
traders will start to assume that the bears are taking control. They will see this as
effectively a failed attempt at a wedge bottom, where bar 4 was the ﬁrst push down,
the one-tick breakout at bar 5 was the second, and the next one-tick breakout at
bar 8 was the third. Once the market fell below bar 8, the target was an approximate
measured move down using either the height of the wedge (the bar 6 low to the
bar 3 high) or the height of the trading range (the bar 8 low to the bar 7 high).
This type of three-push pattern can take place in any market, and the downside
breakouts don’t have to be exactly one tick. For example, in a stock that is trading

224
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.5
around $200, the breakouts that are comparable to bars 5 and 8 in this chart might
be 20 cents or more.
Some traders would see the reversal up from bar 6 as a failed breakout of the
bottom of the range, and then bar 7 as a failed breakout of the top of the range.
Many would short below the two-bar reversal at the top, where bar 7 was the ﬁrst
bar, because they know that trading ranges often have strong breakouts that quickly
fail. Some would exit at breakeven on the rally to bar 9 but then would have taken
the second entry short below the lower high at bar 9.
Other traders would trade the market in breakout mode, looking to sell on a
stop below bar 6 and buy on a stop above bar 7. There were trapped bears on the
failed downside breakout and then trapped bulls on the failed upside breakout,
and when there are trapped bulls and bears, the next breakout usually results in a
decent swing. Although the rally to bar 9 was strong, the bears would short below
it because they would see it as a pullback from the bar 8 breakout.
Compare this to Figure 11.1 in Chapter 11, where there was a similar trading
range after an early strong bear spike, but the potential trend resumption bear day
failed and the market reversed up.

Figure 12.6
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
225
FIGURE 12.6
Double Bottom Bull Flag and a Measured Move Up
A double bottom followed by a sharp move off the second low and then a pause
after the breakout often leads to a very strong trend. Even though the chart in Fig-
ure 12.6 does not show it, yesterday was a bull trend day. Although the expectation
for the behavior is the same for any double bottom whether it is a reversal or a
continuation pattern as it was here, bars 1 and 8 formed a double bottom bull ﬂag.
The move up to bar 10 was much stronger than the move down to bar 8, with every
bar’s open, close, high, and low above those of all of the prior bars. This strength
alerted traders that this double bottom bull ﬂag could lead to a strong move up.
After breaking out above bar 5, the market went sideways instead of pulling back,
and this setup is very strong and fairly common. After the spike up to bar 12, there
was a pullback to bar 14 and it formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 11. This
was followed by a bull channel that lasted for the rest of the day.
Bar 18 formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 16. Remember, the lows don’t
have to be exactly the same. If a pattern resembles a textbook setup, it will likely
behave in a similar way. Bar 29 formed another with bar 27, and again set up a high
2 buy in a strong bull channel. A high 2 is simply a two-legged pullback, which all
double bottoms are.

226
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.6
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
As shown in Figure 12.6, yesterday closed with a strong bull run and then a pullback to
just below the moving average, where bulls would be looking for a higher low and then
a second leg up. The channel down to bar 6 was steep enough so that traders should
not buy the bar 7 outside up breakout on the open. Bar 8 was a strong bull reversal bar,
as well as a higher low and a high 2 in a large trading range. It was also a reversal up
from consecutive sell climaxes. The ﬁrst sell climax was the three-bar bear spike that
followed the bar 5 bull channel, and the second sell climax was formed by the two strong
bear trend bars that followed the bar 7 attempt to reverse up. Consecutive climaxes are
usually followed by at least a two-legged countertrend move and often a reversal. Since
this was occurring within the ﬁrst hour, it could be setting up the low of the day and
bulls should swing much of their long position.
The spike up to bar 10 was followed by a large bull trend bar, creating a spike and
climax type of spike and channel bull trend. The market corrected down to the bar 14
start of the brief channel, where it formed the expected double bottom bull ﬂag.
The protracted bull channel from bar 14 followed a bull spike. Some traders saw
the spike as the move from bar 8 to bar 10 and the pullback as the move from bar 10
to bar 11, where a micro trend line high 1 long set up. The small breakout below that
tight channel down to bar 11 was followed by a higher high pullback to bar 12 and then
a second leg down to bar 14.
Other traders, especially those using a higher time frame chart, saw the move from
bar 8 to bar 12 as the spike, and the two-legged moving average test at bar 14 as the
pullback that led to the large bull channel.
The short below bar 12 was also a reversal from the bar 11 ﬁnal ﬂag, and a second
reversal from yesterday’s high.
There was a large bear trend bar two bars before bar 14, and this was therefore a
spike down. Since it followed a spike up relatively soon (nine bars earlier), it created a buy
climax (a bull trend bar followed by a bear trend bar). Although it may not be obvious, you
could look at diﬀerent time frames and ﬁnd one where this entire pattern is just a two-
bar reversal (in fact, it was one on the 30 minute chart). This is never necessary because
you can infer it from the 5 minute chart. Whenever there is any climax, the market soon
becomes uncertain because both the bulls and bears will add to their positions as they
attempt to create a channel in their direction. Uncertainty means that the market is in a
trading range, and some traders saw the two-legged move up from bar 14 to the slightly
higher high at bar 17 as simply a higher high pullback from the bar 14 bear spike. This is
a plausible interpretation, given that the move had many doji bars. The bulls, however,
created a two-bar bull spike up from bar 14, and this created a sell climax with the bear
bar that formed two bars before bar 14. Again, a bear trend bar followed soon after by
a bull trend bar is a sell climax, and you can ﬁnd some time frame where it is a two-bar
reversal up.

Figure 12.6
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
227
Bar 18 set up a failed low 2 buy, and then traders had to evaluate the momentum
of the upside breakout to determine whether it was more likely to have at least two
more legs up or simply to have one more push up and form a wedge top (a low 3). Since
the price action since bar 10 has been two-sided, this was trading range behavior and it
was reasonable to be looking for low 2 short setups (you should not do that in a strong
bull trend).
The market had a large bull trend bar breakout up to bar 19, and this increased the
odds of at least two legs up from the bar 18 failed low 2. The bull channel from bar
18 to bar 19 was tight, with six consecutive bull bodies. When the channel is strong, it
is better not to look to short the breakout below the channel, which means that it was
better not to look to short a low 3 (a wedge top) and instead look to see if there was a
breakout pullback that looked like a good short setup. A breakout pullback would be a
second-entry short signal. The move up to bar 20 could have been that setup but it, too,
was too strong, since it had ﬁve consecutive bull trend bars. At this point, most traders
would see the move up from bar 14 as a strong bull trend, even though it was still in a
channel, and they would trade it like any strong bull channel, buying for any reason and
not getting trapped out by pullbacks.
Whenever there is a strong spike, you should expect follow-through and you can use
measured move projections to ﬁnd reasonable locations for proﬁt taking. Since they are
so often reliable, the institutions must be using them as well. The ﬁrst measurements
should be based on the double bottom. Look for a possible proﬁt-taking area by adding
the height from bar 1 to bar 5, or from bar 5 to bar 8, to the high of bar 5. Both of these
projections were exceeded at bar 24. Since the channel was still steep at that point,
more of a rally was likely so bulls should still hold some of their longs and should be
looking for opportunities to buy more. They can buy using the techniques described in
the section on channels in book 1.
The next higher target comes from doubling the height of the spike, using either
bar 10 or bar 12 as the top of the spike. If you add the number of points from bar 8 to
bar 12 to the top of bar 12, that projection was minimally exceeded on the ﬁrst hour of
the next day and it was followed by a 16-point pullback over the next couple of hours.
Bar 24 was the fourth push up in the channel, and when the market failed to reverse
on the low 4 after bar 24, it broke out to the upside. In general, traders should not be
using the low 4 terminology here since this is a bull market and not a trading range
or a bear trend, but the breakout after bar 23 indicates that there were many traders
who used the failed low 4 as a reason to cover their longs. The breakout created a gap
between the breakout point at the bar 22 high and the breakout pullback at the bar 25
low. A gap that occurs after a strong move often becomes a measuring gap, as it did
here. The current leg began at the bar 24 channel low and you can take the number of
points from that low to the middle of the gap and add it to the middle of the gap to ﬁnd
the measured move projection where bulls might take proﬁts. The market missed the

228
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.6
target by two ticks on the rally to the close, but turned down brieﬂy from it on the open
of the next day.
Traders should be looking for trend lines and trend channel lines and redrawing
them as the channel progresses. If you see a failed breakout of the top of the channel, it
can lead to a reversal. A second failed breakout is an even more reliable short setup. if
you draw a bull trend line from the bar 14 to bar 23 lows and create a parallel that you
then anchor to the top of the bar 12 spike, you then have a channel that contains the
price action. Bar 35 was a second failed breakout of the top of the range and a reasonable
short setup. The minimum objective is a poke below the bottom of the channel and then
a measured move down using the height of the channel and subtracting it from the
location of the breakout below the channel.
Channels often correct after a third push. Bars 15, 17, and 19 were three pushes,
but the channel was so steep that you should look for a short trade only if there ﬁrst was
a strong downside breakout and then a pullback. The same is true for the three pushes
up at bars 24, 26, and 28. The failure to reverse set up the high 2 long above bar 29,
which was followed by ﬁve bull trend bars that formed a spike.
Bars 30, 33, and 35 set up another three-push top pattern, and this one was worth
taking for a possible high of the day. In the ﬁrst hour, a reversal can be the high of
the day, so you should be willing to be more aggressive. The move down to bar 34 had
two strong bear trend bars, so the bears were getting stronger. Bar 35 was a strong bear
reversal bar and the second reversal down from a breakout of the top of the bull channel,
and it was a little above a measured move up using the height of the bar 8 to bar 12 spike.
Today is a good example of how strong trend channels can have lots of two-sided
trading, and pullbacks never look quite strong enough to buy. It had lots of bear trend
bars that trapped bears into shorts as they looked for a second leg down. However,
buyers returned on every test of the moving average and there was never a good breakout
pullback to short. This told experienced traders to only look to buy. There were only a
couple of countertrend scalps, but traders should consider taking them only if they then
get right back in on the long side with the next buy setup. If they miss that next buy,
they are not good enough to be shorting a day like this, because they are likely missing
too many long winners as they wait and wait for a rare proﬁtable short scalp. They are
on the wrong side of the math and are not maximizing their proﬁt potential because of
a lack of discipline.
The entire channel was so steep that you should assume that the spike formed a
large spike up on a higher time frame chart as well (in fact, it formed a strong, eight-bar
bull spike on the 60 minute chart), and should therefore be followed by a higher time
frame bull channel. This means that there would likely be follow-through buying on the
5 minute chart over the next two or three days, and there was. When a 5 minute channel
is part of a higher time frame spike, the pullback that eventually follows usually tests
only the channel low on the higher time frame chart but not the channel low on the
5 minute chart.

Figure 12.6
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
229
There were many breakout tests that tested the earlier breakout to the tick, running
stops on traders using a breakeven stop on their swing portion of their long trades. For
example, if traders bought the bar 11 high 2 and held long through the bar 12 failed ﬂag
(not recommended, because this was a decent short setup at this point of the day), they
would have been stopped out to the tick if they used a breakeven stop. However, traders
who recognized this strong double bottom pattern would have used a wider stop on
the swing portion of their trades after going long above the bar 14 two-legged moving
average test, expecting a strong bull trend day. Look at the moving average. There were
no closes below it after the initial bull spike to bar 10, so do not use a tight stop out of
fear of losing a tick or two on your trade. In fact, a trader should be ready tomorrow to
buy the ﬁrst close below the moving average, and then buy again above the ﬁrst moving
average gap bar below the moving average.

230
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 12.7
FIGURE 12.7
Failed Double Bottom Breakout Is a Wedge Variant
If a double bottom bull ﬂag breaks to the downside but immediately reverses back
up, it becomes a variant of a wedge bull ﬂag. In Figure 12.7, bar 3 formed a double
bottom with the bar 1 signal bar, but the market immediately reversed down. How-
ever, the breakout below the bottom of the double bottom failed and the market re-
versed up again at bar 4, creating a wedge bull ﬂag (you could also call it a triangle).
The three pushes down are the tails at the bottom of bar 1, bar 3, and bar 4. In this
particular case, bar 2 is also an acceptable ﬁrst push down. Since the market was in
a trading range between bars 1 and 3, it was risky to buy at the top of bar 1 because
it was so tall that you would be buying near the top of a trading range. A large bull
reversal bar does not function as a reversal bar when it is in a trading range where
there is nothing to reverse. In situations like this, it is always better to wait to see
if there is a breakout pullback and then a second-entry opportunity. Bar 4 was a
pullback to a lower low and a safer signal bar for a long.
Bars 6 and 8 tried to set up a double bottom bull ﬂag but it never triggered.
Instead, it broke to the downside at bar 9 and then reversed back up a couple of
bars later. This is another wedge bull ﬂag, and the three pushes down are bars 6, 8,
and 9. However, the bear bar after bar 7 was an alternative ﬁrst push down. For any
wedge, it does not matter if there are multiple choices as long as there are at least
three pushes down.

Figure 12.7
DOUBLE TOP BEAR FLAGS AND DOUBLE BOTTOM BULL FLAGS
231
Bars 13 and 14 set up a double top, even though bar 14 was one tick higher. The
market reversed up at bar 15 but the upside breakout failed and bars 13, 14, and 16
became a wedge bear ﬂag short setup.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
The bars 13 and 14 double top in Figure 12.7 formed in barbwire just below the moving
average. Bear barbwire often has a failed low 2, and traders can buy below the low 2
signal bar in anticipation of the downside breakout failing. This is a scalp. Since the ﬁrst
trend bar to break out of barbwire usually fails, traders could look to short below bar 16.
Bar 19 was arguably a high 2 long setup (it was a two-bar bull reversal, but the market
never traded above the bull bar), but since the market might now be in a bear trend on
the strong breakout below the trading range, you should not be looking for high 2 buy
setups, which are setups only in bull trends and in trading ranges. The trading range was
mostly below the moving average, and since the market was falling before entering the
trading range, a downside breakout was more likely (trend resumption). Traders would
expect the high 2 buy to fail and trap bulls, and these traders would then look to short
below the bar 20 low 2 setup, where the trapped bulls would sell out of their longs.
The bear channel ended with a third push down to bar 21 and the next day gapped
up well above the bar 18 start of the bear channel. The channel was preceded by a strong
two-bar bear spike after bar 16. There was a perfect measured move down, using the
height of the spike and projecting down from the bottom of the spike.
Bar 19 was another two-bar spike down, and it led to the bear channel down from
bar 20 to bar 21. The channel was parabolic because it had an acceleration phase in the
form of a large bear bar and then a deceleration phase in the form of bodies that became
smaller, and the ﬁnal one even had an up close. The three bear trend bars starting at bar
20 formed a bear spike, which is a sell climax. It was the third consecutive sell climax,
and this is usually followed by at least a two-legged correction that lasts at least 10 bars.
The two-bar bear spike after bar 16 was the ﬁrst sell climax, and the three-bar bear spike
that ended with bar 19 was the second sell climax.


C H A P T E R 1 3
Twenty Gap Bars
W
hen the market stays on one side of the moving average without touch-
ing it for 20 consecutive bars or more, the trend is strong, but it is also
overdone and will likely soon pull back to the moving average, creating a
20 gap bar setup. If there was no clear trend reversal before the pullback, the ﬁrst
touch is a high-probability scalp for a test of the trend’s extreme. There are traders
who will enter at or just above or below the moving average with limit and market
orders, but it is better to wait for a price action entry (a reversal back in the direc-
tion of the trend and an entry on a stop) in case the pullback goes well beyond the
moving average. There is nothing magical about 20 bars. It is just a guideline that is
useful to remind you that a trend is strong. You can arbitrarily pick any large num-
ber of bars and generate a setup that will usually be the same, and it will also work
on other time frames. A trend can be extremely strong and still touch the moving
average every 30 minutes, and a trend can be away from the moving average for
four hours, only to suddenly reverse into an opposite trend. When it occurs on a
5 minute chart and the market has not touched the moving average for at least
two hours, I used to refer to it as a two hours from the moving average setup, or a
2HM. Since the same concept works on all time frames, it is more useful to refer
to the number of bars instead of the number of hours. The 20 bars can be at any
time during the day and not necessarily during the ﬁrst two hours.
Once you become aware that 20 consecutive gap bars are present, look to fade
all touches of the moving average. After one or more moving average tests, there
will likely be a test that goes through the moving average and forms a moving av-
erage gap bar where the bar is completely on the other side of the moving average
so that there is a gap between the bar and the moving average. Look to fade the
233

234
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
ﬁrst gap bar (in a bull trend, buy one tick above the high of the previous bar if the
high is below the exponential moving average). If the ﬁrst entry fails, buy again on
the second entry, if there is one. As with all setups, it is not worth buying a third
time if the ﬁrst two setups fail since the market at that point is likely in a channel
and not forming a reversal. Since you are trading with the trend, you should swing
part of your position because the market may run much further than you thought
possible. Moving average tests are particularly reliable in stocks, and often provide
great entries all day long. However, if the ﬁrst moving average gap bar forms after a
strong trend reversal, it will likely fail because the trend has now reversed and that
gap bar is a setup for the prior trend, which now has ended.

Figure 13.1
TWENTY GAP BARS
235
FIGURE 13.1
Twenty Gap Bars
When a trend is so strong that no bar touches the moving average for 20 or more
bars, many traders will look to enter on the ﬁrst pullback to the moving average
and hold for a test of the trend’s extreme. In Figure 13.1, bar 11 was the ﬁrst bar to
touch the moving average in over 20 bars and, since there was no clear bottom to
the bear trend, traders had limit orders just below, at, and just above the moving
average to enter short positions. Even though the move up to bar 11 was composed
of six consecutive bull trend bars, there was no clear bottom at bar 10 so traders
were looking for shorts around the moving average. The shorting resulted in a small
bear inside bar after bar 11 instead of a strong bear trend bar, and this meant that
most traders believed that the rally at this point was too strong to short. However,
the bears became aggressive on the second-entry short below bar 13 (the ﬁrst entry
opportunity was one bar earlier). Because the move up to bar 13 was so strong,
traders were looking for a higher low and then a second test up, so most of the
shorts exited around the bar 14 higher low test of the bar 10 bear trend low.
Bar 8 did not touch the moving average but was still a two-legged test of the
moving average. The bears were so eager to get short that they placed their limit
orders at two or three ticks below the moving average because they were not con-
ﬁdent that the rally would touch the moving average. If they were conﬁdent, they
could have placed their limit orders to go short at one tick below the moving aver-
age and they then would have become short on the touch of the moving average.

236
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 13.1
When the market turns down just below the moving average, the bears are very
aggressive. This is especially evident when the test turns into a large bear trend bar
as it did here.
Bars 7, 9, and 10 formed a bear wedge, and this is a reversal pattern. The bar 10
signal bar was not strong enough to convince traders that the market was reversing
up, so they were still looking for short setups around the moving average. The bot-
tom was strong enough to have a second leg up to bar 15, where it formed a double
top bear ﬂag with bar 13.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
The market gapped down with a bear trend bar in Figure 13.1, so the breakout might
have become a trend from the open bear trend. Two bars later, the breakout failed, but
the setup was not strong enough to buy. Instead, the bears should exit and wait. Bar 4
formed a double top bear ﬂag with bar 3 and a two-bar reversal with the following bar.
Traders could short the double top on a stop below bar 4 or they could wait. The next
bar was a bear trend bar that traded below bar 4, making bar 4 a swing high. Since there
was now both a swing low and a swing high and the opening range was less than a third
of the recent average daily range, the market was in breakout mode. Bulls would go long
on a stop above the trading range, and bears would go short on a stop one tick below
the range. The breakout should have follow-through and the day often becomes a trend
day, as it did here.
Despite the bear strength in the ﬁrst half of the day, the bulls broke several bear
trend lines. They were able to move the market up after the stop run plunge down to bar
25 that formed a double bottom with bar 21 after a break of the bear trend line on the
rally to bar 13. It was also a ﬁnal ﬂag buy setup for the breakout of the bar 21 to bar 24
bear ﬂag. Bar 13 was also the ﬁrst gap bar above the moving average in a bear trend,
and therefore a sell setup (see next chapter).

Figure 13.2
TWENTY GAP BARS
237
FIGURE 13.2
Twenty Gap Bars Are Not Always a Buy Setup
If the market has not touched the moving average for 20 or more bars but there
was ﬁrst a climax, the 20 gap bar setup may not lead to a bounce and a test of
the extreme. As shown in Figure 13.2, Research in Motion (RIMM) had a parabolic
bull trend up to bar 10. Since a parabolic move is not sustainable, it is a type of
climax, and any climax is usually followed by at least a two-legged correction that
lasts at least 10 bars, and it can even be followed by a trend reversal. This makes a
one-legged correction to the moving average a risky long.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Although bulls could have scalped a small proﬁt on a long in Figure 13.2 based on a
limit order at the moving average on bar 13, buying a bear spike after a climax is risky,
since at least two legs down should be expected. Bar 15 was a better setup since it was
a second leg down and it had a good bull reversal bar, but it failed at the bar 16 low
2. Bar 16 was also a double top bear ﬂag with bar 14. Since the market was in a tight
trading range, this was not a strong short setup.
The move up to bar 10 had bars that overlapped very little and closed near their
highs. The entire rally from bar 7 to bar 10 was so vertical that it was a bull spike. A
spike is followed by a pause or a pullback. Here, the pullback began with three bear
trend bars forming a spike down to bar 13. When there is a bull spike and then a bear

238
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 13.2
spike, this is a climax reversal, which is a type of two-bar reversal (but this might be
evident only on a higher time frame chart). The market usually goes sideways for a while
as the bulls keep buying in an attempt to generate a bull channel, and the bears keep
selling as they try to push the market down in a bear channel. Here, the bears won and
the market fell below the bars 13 and 15 double bottom for a measured move down.
When the market fails twice to do something, it usually does the opposite.
Although it is not shown, the bulls were able to create a strong bull channel from
the bar 20 low, and the leg up from bar 20 was the exact same height as the bar 4 to
bar 10 ﬁrst leg, forming a leg 1 = leg 2 measured move. The bull spike up to bar 10
was much larger than the bear spike down to bar 13, and it was also a bull spike on a
higher time frame. The bear spike got its channel on this 5 minute chart, and then the
bull spike got its channel on a higher time frame chart the next day (not shown).
The climax also had a small wedge top. Even though bar 12 was below bar 11,
this still functioned like a wedge where arguably the bears were so aggressive that they
prevented the third push from exceeding the second. Some traders would see the bear
bar after bar 10 as the ﬁrst breakout below the bull channel and then bar 11 as the
breakout pullback to a higher high. This is not strong enough to short, but it is strong
enough for bulls to lighten up or exit. Bar 12 was the ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal, which
was a lower high or double top with bar 11. Traders could short below that second bar,
which was a strong bear trend bar, and the minimum target was a test of the moving
average. Bar 17 was the ﬁrst gap bar below the moving average, but the bull trend had
evolved into a trading range (the market had been sideways for 20 to 30 bars), and this
was no longer a reliable buy setup.

C H A P T E R 1 4
First Moving
Average Gap Bars
U
sually a 20 gap bar setup is followed by a test of the extreme, and the next test
of the moving average probes even deeper. A bar may form that is entirely on
the other side of the moving average. This is a moving average gap bar, and it
sometimes can also be also a 20 gap bar pullback setup. A gap is a general term that
simply means that there is a space between two points on the chart. For example,
if today’s open is above yesterday’s close, there is a gap up. If the open is above
yesterday’s high, there will be a gap on the daily chart. A broader use of the term
opens up other trading opportunities. For example, if the high of a bar is below the
moving average, then there is a gap between that bar and the moving average. In a
bull market or sideways market, there is a good chance that the market will move
to ﬁll that gap. Sometimes a bar will go above the high of the previous bar, but
then, within a bar or two, the pullback continues down again. If the market again
goes above the high of a prior bar, this is a second moving average gap bar setup,
or a second attempt to ﬁll a moving average gap in a bull trend, and the odds are
excellent that there will be a tradable rally off this setup. Likewise, gaps above the
moving average will tend to get ﬁlled in a bear trend or sideways market.
If there is a strong trend and this is the ﬁrst moving average gap bar in the trend,
it is usually followed by a test of the trend’s extreme. This pullback to the gap bar
is typically strong enough to break the trend line and after the test of the trend’s
extreme, the market will generally form a two-legged correction or even a major
trend reversal (discussed in book 3). For example, if there is a strong bull and it
ﬁnally has a bar that has a high below the moving average and then the next bar
trades above the high of that bar, the market will try to form a higher high or lower
high test of the bull’s extreme. Traders will buy for a swing trade, expecting the
239

240
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
market to get near or above the old high. Some traders will scale into additional
longs if the pullback below the moving average falls some more (this is discussed
in Chapter 31 on scaling into and out of trades). If the market rallies to test the
old high but there is then a reversal down, there will usually be a more protracted
correction that typically has at least two legs and often leads to a trend reversal.
Most bars on most charts are moving average gap bars because most bars do
not touch the moving average. However, if there is not a strong trend and a trader
fades one (for example, selling one tick below the low of a bar above the moving
average), the trader is often just looking for a scalp to the moving average where
he will take proﬁts. A trader will take the trade only if there is enough room to the
moving average to make an acceptable proﬁt and only if the trade makes sense in
the context of the current price action. So if there is a strong trend, a ﬁrst moving
average gap tends to set up swing trades, and if there is not a strong trend and a
trader takes a moving average gap bar trade, she is more likely looking for a scalp.

Figure 14.1
FIRST MOVING AVERAGE GAP BARS
241
FIGURE 14.1
Moving Average Gaps, Second Signals
In Figure 14.1, bar 2 was a second attempt to ﬁll the gap below the moving average
in a sideways market. The downward momentum was somewhat strong, which ar-
guably means that the market is not sideways today, but the moving average was
basically ﬂat because of yesterday’s strong close. Also, there were several bars that
overlapped with the bar or two bars before, and bar 2 was the third push down
after the two-bar bear spike created by the third and fourth bars of the day. Bulls
placed buy stops to go long at one tick above the high of bar 2 and looked to take a
scalper’s proﬁt on a test of the moving average.
Bars 3, 4, and 8 were also second attempts (the ﬁrst attempt can be simply a
bull trend bar), or second moving average gap bar entries.

242
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 14.1
Bar 5 was a moving average gap bar, but traders would not short it for a scalp
to the moving average both because there was not enough room for a scalp and
because it followed a strong reversal up and a higher low and a second leg up was
likely after the bar 4 lower low reversal up.
Bars 6 and 9 were second moving average gap bar short setups. Once the mar-
ket broke above bar 9, there was then a bull trend because two attempts to go down
failed (bar 9 was a second moving average gap bar setup, which means that it was
a second attempt to close the gap to the moving average).
Bar 7 was a moving average gap bar setup, but since there was so little room to
the moving average, traders would be less likely to buy it for a scalp solely based
on its being a moving average gap bar.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
The market broke to the upside in Figure 14.1, but the ﬁrst bar of the day was small and
therefore not a reliable signal bar for a failed breakout short. The third bar was a strong
bar and therefore a better setup for a possible trend from the open bear trend.
Bar 6 was an outside down reversal from a spike and channel bull trend that began
with the spike up after bar 4.
Bar 8 was the signal bar for the small expanding triangle that began with the bar 7
low. It can also be viewed as a wedge, since it was a breakout below a small double
bottom and the breakout failed. Bar 8 was also a wedge bull ﬂag after the bar 4 bottom;
the three pushes down were the bar after bar 5, bar 7, and bar 8. Finally, bar 8 was the
higher low after the spike up to bar 5 that followed the bar 4 lower low.
The breakout above bar 9 was a failed wedge bear ﬂag, and therefore a measured
move up was likely. The three pushes up were two bars before bar 8, the swing high
before bar 9, and bar 9.

Figure 14.2
FIRST MOVING AVERAGE GAP BARS
243
FIGURE 14.2
Moving Average Gap and Test of Extreme
A ﬁrst moving average gap bar can lead to tests of the trend extreme. In Figure 14.2,
both bars 1 and 2 were ﬁrst moving average gap bars in strong trends and were
followed by tests of the trend extreme. Bar 1 was the ﬁrst bar in the bear trend
where the low of the bar was above the moving average (a gap between the bar and
the moving average), and it was followed by a higher low test of the bear low. Bar
2 was followed by a new trend extreme.


C H A P T E R 1 5
Key Inﬂection
Times of the Day
That Set Up
Breakouts and
Reversals
T
he market often breaks out or reverses within a bar before or after 7:00 a.m.
and 7:30 a.m. PST on economic reports, at 11:30 a.m. PST, and less often
around 11 a.m. and noon PST. Very commonly on strong trend days there will
be a strong countertrend panic move that will scare people out of their positions,
and this normally happens between 11:00 and 11:30 a.m., although it can come ear-
lier or later. Once it is clear that you were fooled by a strong countertrend move, the
trend will usually have gone a long way back toward its old extreme, and you and
the other greedy traders who were trapped out will chase it, making it go further.
What causes the move? Institutions beneﬁt from the sharp countertrend spike be-
cause it allows them to add on at much better prices, expecting the trend to resume
into the close. If you were an institutional trader who wanted to load up going into
the close and you wanted to enter at much better prices, you would be looking to
create or contribute to any rumor that could cause a brief panic that ran stops and
brieﬂy caused the market to spike beyond some key level. It doesn’t matter what
the rumor or news item is or whether some institution spreads it to make some
money. All that matters is that the stop run gives traders who understand what is
going on an opportunity to piggyback on the institutions and make a proﬁt off the
failed trend reversal.
The stop-run pullback usually breaks a signiﬁcant trend line, so the run to the
new extreme (a higher high or lower low test following a trend line break) prompts
smart traders to look for a trade in the opposite direction in the ﬁrst hour of the
next day.
245

246
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
This type of trap is common on trading range days as well, where the market
has been hovering near one extreme for a couple of hours in what appears to be
an incipient breakout, only to make a sharp move to take out the other extreme,
and this opposite breakout often fails around 11:30 a.m. PST. This traps out the
earlier traders who were positioning themselves for the breakout in one direction
and traps in the new breakout traders who entered on the breakout in the other
direction. Most trading range days close somewhere in the middle.

Figure 15.1
KEY INFLECTION TIMES OF THE DAY THAT SET UP BREAKOUTS AND REVERSALS
247
FIGURE 15.1
Late Stop Runs
In Figure 15.1 there are two 20 gap bar setups that formed on late stop runs. Bar 5
was the entry after the 11:25 a.m. PST stop run, and it was also a second entry on
a moving average gap setup (a second moving average gap bar long setup, after the
ﬁrst entry above the bar after the bar 4 bear spike). Notice how strong the bear
trend bar was with a large body and a close near its low. This bear breakout bar
made the weak hands think that the market had turned into a bear trend. Smart
traders looked at this as a great buying opportunity and expected it to be an ex-
haustive sell climax and a failed breakout. This type of stop run usually breaks the
major trend line, and, since it is usually followed by a new extreme in the trend, it
often sets the stage for a trade in the opposite direction in the ﬁrst hour of the next
day (here, a higher high after the break of the bull trend line). It formed a double
bottom bull ﬂag with the bar 2 start of the bull channel.
On both days, the moving average gap fades developed after two or more tests
of the moving average. After the countertrend traders were able to bring the market
back to the moving average multiple times, they developed the conﬁdence to press
their bets, resulting in a gap bar beyond the moving average. However, the ﬁrst such
breakout beyond the moving average usually fails and provides a great fade for the
expected trend resumption.

248
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 15.1
On the ﬁrst day, the market tried to reverse down at 7 a.m., presumably on a
report. Since the day was a trend from the open bull trend at that point, the one-
bar sell-off was the ﬁrst pullback in a trend from the open day, and therefore a buy
setup. The failed reversal was followed by a three-bar bull spike and then a channel.
On the second day, the 7 a.m. reversal succeeded and became a three-bar bear
spike that was followed by a bear channel.
On the second day the market tried to reverse up from a ﬁnal bear ﬂag at noon,
but the reversal failed at the bar 10 moving average gap short setup.

Figure 15.2
KEY INFLECTION TIMES OF THE DAY THAT SET UP BREAKOUTS AND REVERSALS
249
FIGURE 15.2
Late Bull Trap
On a bear trend from the open in Figure 15.2, followed by an inability to get above
the moving average, traders were expecting an 11:30 a.m. PST bull trap, and it oc-
curred today exactly on time. Bar 3 was also the ﬁrst moving average gap bar in
a bear trend. Usually, the trap is a strong countertrend leg, getting hopeful longs
to buy aggressively, only to get forced into liquidation as the market quickly re-
verses back down. Today, however, the rally from bar 2 was composed of large
overlapping dojis, indicating that traders were nervous in both directions. If there
was no conviction, then how could traders get trapped? Well, the bar before bar 3
attempted to form a double top bear ﬂag, and bar 3 spoiled it by going above the
bar 1 high. This made many traders give up on the bear case, forcing the shorts
to liquidate, and it trapped some bulls into longs on the breakout. The momentum
leading to the breakout was weak, so there were probably not too many trapped
bulls. However, by failing to form a perfect double top with bar 1, it trapped bears
out. Since it was a trap, there was fuel for the short side as those bears who were
trapped out now had to short lower and chase the market down, and those trapped
bulls had to sell out of their longs. The weakness of the down leg from bar 3
is consistent with the weakness of the up leg from bar 2, but the result was as
expected—a close on the low of the day. This was a bear trend resumption day, but
since the resumption started so late and it followed a tight trading range with strong
two-sided trading (large, overlapping bars with big tails), it resulted in a smaller leg
than the sell-off at the open.

250
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 15.3
FIGURE 15.3
Late Trap on Trading Range Day
There is often an 11:30 a.m. PST trap on trading range days as well (see
Figure 15.3). Here, after spending a couple of hours in the upper half of the day’s
range, the market ran through the low of the day, trapping out the bulls and trap-
ping in new shorts. The market gave a second entry high 2 long above bar 24 on the
11:35 a.m. bar. The market made two attempts to break out below the bar 9 low of
the day and failed, so it was likely to try the opposite direction. Most trading range
days close somewhere in the middle.
The day opened as a trend from the ﬁrst bar bull trend and pulled back below
the bar 10 signal bar at 7:00 a.m., which was likely on some kind of report. Since
there were three large sideways bars with prominent tails, this represented a small
trading range and buying above it was risky. So the market broke brieﬂy to the
downside on the report, trapping bears in, and then it broke to the upside above
bar 11, trapping bulls in and bears out; it then turned down a second time at bar 12.
When there are trapped bulls and bears, in or out, the next signal is usually good
for at least a scalp.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
The rally into yesterday’s close in Figure 15.3 was a reversal up from a wedge bottom
and was likely to have at least two legs. The higher low reversal up at bar 9 was close

Figure 15.3
KEY INFLECTION TIMES OF THE DAY THAT SET UP BREAKOUTS AND REVERSALS
251
enough to be a double bottom, and the bar 13 higher low at 7:40 a.m. PST was a double
bottom pullback. Since the rally oﬀthe open was a strong spike up, the market was
likely to try to form a channel after a pullback, but it failed with the bar 12 double top
with bar 1. This was followed by several bear spikes over the next hour and ultimately
a bear channel that reversed up at bar 24 at 11:30 a.m. The bar 22 reversal attempt at
11:00 a.m. failed. The market was in too steep a bear channel, so the ﬁrst breakout of
the channel was likely to be followed by a breakout pullback and a higher-probability
long, and bar 24 was the signal bar. It was also the second attempt to reverse up from
a new low of the day.
The push up to bar 12 created a wedge bear ﬂag, with bars 5 and 8 being the ﬁrst
two pushes up. The market was too steeply up to short the bar 11 breakout of the tight
bull channel up from bar 9, but shorting the breakout pullback to the bar 12 higher high
was reasonable. It would be safer to wait for the bar 12 outside down bar to close, to
see if the bears could own the bar. The close near the low conﬁrmed the strength of the
bears, so shorting below it on the beginning of the follow-through was a good entry.


C H A P T E R 1 6
Counting the
Legs of Trends
and Trading
Ranges
T
rends often have two legs. If the momentum on the ﬁrst leg after the reversal
is strong, both the bulls and the bears will wonder if it will be the ﬁrst of
possibly many legs, creating a new trend. Because of this, both bulls and bears
will expect that a test of the old trend’s extreme will fail and the with-trend (with
the old trend) traders will be quick to exit. For example, if there is a strong move up
after a protracted bear trend, and this up move goes above the moving average and
above the last lower high of the bear trend and contains many bull trend bars, both
the bulls and the bears will assume that there will be a test of the low that will hold
above the bear low. Once the momentum of this ﬁrst up leg wanes, bulls will take
partial or full proﬁts and bears will short, just in case the bears are able to maintain
control of the market. The bears are not certain if their trend is over and will be
willing to initiate new short positions. The market will work down since buyers
will be reluctant to buy until there is more bullish price action. As bulls come back
in on the pullback that is testing the low, the new bears will be quick to exit because
they don’t want to take a loss on the trade. The buying by the bears covering their
shorts will add to the upward pressure. The market will then form a higher low.
The bears will not consider shorting again unless this leg falters near the top of the
ﬁrst up leg (a possible double top bear ﬂag). If it does, the new bulls will be quick
to exit because they won’t want a loss, and the bears will become more aggressive
since they will sense that this second leg up has failed. Eventually, one side will
win out. This kind of trading goes on all day long in all markets and creates a lot of
two-legged moves.
In fact, after the market makes a move of any size in one direction, it will
eventually try to reverse that move and will often make two attempts at the
253

254
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
reversal. This means that every trend and every countertrend move has a good
chance of breaking down into two legs, and every leg will try to subdivide into
two smaller legs.
When you are looking for a two-legged move and see one but the two legs
are in a relatively tight channel of any kind, such as a wedge, they might in fact
be subdivisions of the ﬁrst leg and the channel may actually be only the ﬁrst of
two legs. This is especially true if the number of bars in each of the two legs looks
inadequate compared to the pattern it is correcting. For example, if there is a wedge
top that lasts for two hours and then a three-bar bear spike and then a three-bar
channel, it is likely that the spike and channel together will be only the ﬁrst leg
down, and traders will be reluctant to buy heavily until after they see at least one
more leg down.

Figure 16.1
COUNTING THE LEGS OF TRENDS AND TRADING RANGES
255
FIGURE 16.1
Two-Legged Moves
In Figure 16.1, the bear trend down to bar 6 occurred in two legs and the second
leg subdivided into two smaller legs. The move up to bar 9 was also in two legs,
as was the move down to bar 12. All spike and channel patterns are two-legged
moves by deﬁnition, because there is a high-momentum spike phase and then a
lower-momentum channel phase.
Bar 12 was a perfect breakout test of the start of the bull move. Its low exactly
equaled the high of the bar 6 signal bar, running the breakeven stops of the bar 6
longs by one tick. Whenever there is a perfect or near-perfect breakout test, the
odds are high that the market will make about a measured move (expect the move
up from the bar 12 low to be equal in points to the move from bars 6 to 9).
There was a two-legged move up to bar 15, but when its high was surpassed,
the market ran up quickly in a bull spike as the new shorts had to buy back their
positions from the failed low 2 off the bar 15 short setup. Bar 9 had formed a double
top bear ﬂag with bar 3, and its failure on the rally up from bar 16 also contributed
to the bull breakout.

256
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 16.2
FIGURE 16.2
Double Top Bear Flag
Apple (AAPL) was a well-behaved stock on the 5 minute chart shown in Figure 16.2.
It formed a double top bear ﬂag at bar 2 (1 cent below the high of bar 1), and the
move down more than met the approximate target of twice the height of the trading
range. Bar 2 was also the top of a two-legged move up to the moving average in a
bear trend, forming a bear low 2 short at the moving average, which is a reliable
entry in a trend. Trends in many stocks are very respectful of the moving average,
which means that the moving average provides opportunities all day long to enter
in the direction of the trend with limited risk. Four bars after bar 2 set up a double
top pullback short.

Figure 16.3
COUNTING THE LEGS OF TRENDS AND TRADING RANGES
257
FIGURE 16.3
Wedge Top
In Figure 16.3, the SPY had a wedge top created by bars 4, 6, and 10, which is usually
followed by a two-legged sideways to down correction. There was a three-bar bear
leg that ended at bar 11 and a second leg down that ended at bar 13. This move
was in a channel and would be just a single leg on a higher time frame chart. It was
comparable in size to the leg up from bar 7 to bar 10 and therefore most traders
would not be conﬁdent that it contained enough bars to adequately correct the
large wedge. The market had a second sideways corrective leg to bar 15, slightly
above the bar 13 low, creating a double bottom that was followed by a bull spike
and channel up to a new trend high.


C H A P T E R 1 7
Bar Counting:
High and Low
1, 2, 3, and 4
Patterns and
ABC Corrections
A
ll markets are fractal. This is a mathematical concept that means that each
segment of a market has the same general patterns as every lower and ev-
ery higher time frame chart. If you remove the time and price labels from
your charts, you will usually not be able to tell whether a chart is a 3 minute,
5 minute, 60 minute, or even a monthly chart. The only time that you can reli-
ably approximate the time frame of a chart is when the average bar is only one
to three ticks tall, because the chart will be mostly dojis and that only happens in
small time frames or in markets with only minimal volume, and you should not be
trading those.
Since every move on every chart will tend to be two-legged and every cor-
rection will also tend to be two-legged and every correction of every correction
will tend to be two-legged, a trader who understands this tendency will ﬁnd lots
of opportunities.
A reliable sign that a pullback in a bull trend or in a trading range has ended
is when the current bar’s high extends at least one tick above the high of the prior
bar. This leads to a useful concept of counting the number of times that this occurs,
which is called “bar counting.” In a sideways or downward move in a bull trend or
a trading range, the ﬁrst bar whose high is above the high of the prior bar is a
high 1, and this ends the ﬁrst leg of the sideways or down move, although this leg
may become a small leg in a larger pullback. If the market does not turn into a
bull swing and instead continues sideways or down, label the next occurrence of a
bar with a high above the high of the prior bar as a high 2, ending the second leg.
There needs to be at least a tiny trend line break between the high 1 and the high
2 to indicate that the trend traders are still active. Without this, do not yet look to
259

260
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
buy, since the high 1 and high 2 are more likely just part of a channel down that is
forming a complex ﬁrst leg down.
In a strong upswing, the high 2 entry can be higher than that of the high 1, and
in a strong downswing, a low 2 entry can be lower than that of the low 1. Inciden-
tally, a high 2 in a bull trend and a low 2 in a bear trend are often referred to as
ABC corrections, where the ﬁrst leg is the A, the change in direction that forms the
high 1 or low 1 entry is the B, and the ﬁnal leg of the pullback is the C. The breakout
from the C is a high 2 entry bar in a bull ABC correction and a low 2 entry bar in a
bear ABC correction.
There is an important difference between a high 2 in a bull trend and a high 2
in a trading range, and between a low 2 in a bear trend and a low 2 in a trading
range. For example, when there is a high 2 setup in a bull trend, it is usually at
or above the moving average and the trend is strong enough for you to buy near
the high of the day. You are buying a continuation pattern in a trend and therefore
can buy near the top of the trend. However, when you are buying a high 2 in a
trading range, you are usually looking to buy a reversal where the setup is below
the moving average and near the bottom of the range. If you think that the market is
in a trading range, it is risky to buy a high 2 above the moving average and near the
high of the trading range. In fact, since this trade will likely fail, you should instead
consider shorting using a limit order at or above the high of the high 2 signal bar.
If the high 2 is likely to fail, why would it ever trigger? It triggers because the bears
are looking to short above bars, and less so just below the highs of bars. They place
limit orders to short at and above the high of the prior bar. With a relative lack of
bears willing to short just below the high of the bar, the bulls are unopposed and
are able to push the market above the high of the prior bar, hoping that lots of
bulls will enter on buy stops. The high of the bar acts as a magnet, and the push
above the bar is a small buy vacuum. The bulls ﬁnd that there is an overwhelming
number of bears waiting to short there. The result is that the high 2 triggers, but the
market immediately turns down. Those bulls who bought over the last several ticks
quickly see the lack of a rally above the high of the prior bar. Because the market is
not doing what they expected, they exit and will not look to buy again for at least
a few bars. Their selling out of their longs contributes to the sell-off. The opposite
is true of a low 2 in a trading range. You should only look to sell a low 2 above
the moving average and near the top of the trading range because you are trading a
reversal and not a continuation pattern. You are trying to short the end of a leg up
and are therefore trading against a small trend. If one forms near the bottom of a
trading range and you believe that the market is now in a trading range and not in
a bear trend, it is better to buy at or below the low 2 signal bar, expecting the low
2 to fail and form a type of double bottom. These expected failures usually happen
when the market appears to be trending but you think that the market has instead
entered a trading range.

BAR COUNTING
261
A high 1 in a bull trend and a low 1 in a bear trend can have different risk/reward
proﬁles depending on where each is in the trend. For example, if the market is
bottoming and it forms a failed low 1, buying above the bar is taking the ﬁrst high 1
entry of the new bull trend. The odds of success might be only 50–50, but the risk
is small and the potential reward is large. You have a small chance of making a
big proﬁt. A high 1 long trade after the initial spike up in a new bull trend has a
high probability of being at least a successful swing trade. The risk is small and
the potential reward and probability of success are high. However, if the market is
forming its third consecutive high 1 setup, the odds of a swing are small so traders
should scalp. This means that the risk and potential reward are both small, and the
probability is less than it was for the ﬁrst high 1.
Some bull pullbacks can grow further and form a high 3 or a high 4. When a
high 4 forms, it sometimes begins with a high 2 and this high 2 fails to go very far.
It is instead followed by a bear breakout and another two legs down and a second
high 2, and the entire move is simply a higher time frame high 2. At other times, the
high 4 is a small spike and channel bear trend where the ﬁrst or second push down
is a bear spike and the next pushes down are in a bear channel. If the high 4 fails
to resume the trend and the market falls below its low, it is likely that the market is
no longer forming a pullback in a bull trend and instead is in a bear swing. Wait for
more price action to unfold before placing a trade.
When a bear trend or a sideways market is correcting sideways or up, the ﬁrst
bar with a low below the low of the prior bar is a low 1, ending the ﬁrst leg of the
correction, which can be as brief as that single bar. Subsequent occurrences are
called the low 2, low 3, and low 4 entries. If the low 4 fails (a bar extends above
the high of the low 4 signal bar after the low 4 short triggered), the price action
indicates that the bears have lost control and either the market will become two-
sided, with bulls and bears alternating control, or the bulls will gain control. In any
case, the bears can best demonstrate that they have regained control by breaking a
bull trend line with strong momentum.
If the market is in a clear bull trend, do not look for low 1 or low 2 shorts,
because those are setups only in bear trends and trading ranges. If the market is in
a clear bear trend, do not look for high 1 or high 2 buys, because those are setups
only in bull trends and trading ranges. In fact, if the market is in a bear trend, you
can often look to short above the high of the prior bar because buying a high 1 in a
bear trend is a low-probability trade. That means that if it has only about a 40 per-
cent chance of being a successful long, it has about a 60 percent chance of hitting
the protective stop before hitting a proﬁt-taking limit order. If you are scalping on
the 5 minute Emini chart, then there is a 60 percent chance that the market will fall
and hit a two-point stop before it hits a limit order ﬁve ticks above the signal bar.
So if there is a 60 percent chance it will fall two points before rising ﬁve ticks, this
is a great setup for a short. Likewise, you can look to sell above the high of any bar

262
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
in a strong bear trend or in a bear channel, and you can look to buy a low 1 in a bull
trend and to buy below the low of any prior bar in a bull trend or in a bull channel.
As you are counting these pullbacks, you will often see the market continue its
correction instead of reversing, in which case you have to change your perspective.
If you thought that the market was in a trading range with simply a strong new high
and then see a low 2 above the old high (a sell setup), but instead of falling, the
market continues up, you should begin to look for high 1 and 2 buy entries. It is
likely that the bull strength is sufﬁcient for you to be trading only longs. You should
defer looking for low 1 and 2 shorts until the bears demonstrate enough strength to
make a tradable down move likely (like a bull trend line break followed by a failed
test of the swing high).
Notice that in trading ranges, it is common to see a high 1, high 2, low 1, and
low 2 all present in the course of 10 bars or so, even though a high 2 is bullish and
a low 2 is bearish. Since the market is sideways, neither the bulls nor the bears
are controlling the price action for more than a brief period, so it makes sense that
each side will try to wrest control, and as each tries to assert itself, bull or bear
patterns will form. It is very easy to see lots of high and low 1 and 2 patterns in
trading ranges, and it is very important that you do not overtrade. When the market
is mostly sideways with lots of overlap among the bars and the range is not a small
ﬂag in a very strong trend, most traders should step aside and not take any trades.
Why is that? If you are looking for a high 2 or a low 2, you are looking to enter on
a stop at either the top or the bottom of a tight trading range and you are doing the
exact opposite of what the institutions are doing. When the market goes above the
high of the prior bar in a tight trading range, they are taking proﬁts on their longs or
they are shorting, so you do not want to be buying. Your job is to follow what they
are doing; it is not to ignore what they are doing and to fool yourself into believing
that you have some magical setup that will make you a lot of money as long as you
keep trading it. Tight trading ranges can form as small ﬂags in very strong trends,
and when they do it is reasonable to look to enter on a stop on the breakout of the
range. For example, if there is a strong four-bar bear spike and there is no climax or
strong reversal as the market goes sideways for 10 bars, it makes sense to go short
on a stop below a bear trend bar. But if instead the day is a trading range day and
the tight trading range is in the middle third of the day, most traders should never
place a trade based on bar counting.
When the market is in a tight trading range, it often reverses direction repeat-
edly, so if you take every high 1, 2, 3, and 4 and also short every low 1, 2, 3, and 4,
over the course of an hour you will lose all of the money that you made in the past
week. In Chapter 22 on tight trading ranges, I discuss this in more detail. There are
no magical setups, and every setup has an environment where the math gives it an
edge, as well as other environments where it will lose. Trading based on bar counts
requires a market that has swings. If the market is in a tight trading range, do not

BAR COUNTING
263
trade unless you are a very experienced trader and you are comfortable shorting
above the high of the prior bar instead of buying there on a stop, and buying below
the low of the prior bar instead of shorting there on a stop.
There are variations on this numbering, but the goal is still to help spot two-
legged corrections. For example, in a strong bull trend, a two-legged pullback can
form and have just a high 1 but functionally be a two-legged pullback. You can infer
it from the appearance on the 5 minute chart, and you can conﬁrm it by looking at
a smaller time frame chart, although this is not necessary. It does not matter if you
call it a high 1 on the chart in front of you, a high 2 variant, or a smaller time frame
high 2, as long as you understand what the market is doing. If there is a bear close
(or two), this can represent the ﬁrst leg down even if the next bar does not extend
above the high of the bear bar. If that next bar has a bull close but its high is still
below the trend high, it then becomes the end of the ﬁrst down leg if the next bar
or so is again a bear trend bar. If the next bar extends below its low, look for a bar
within the next few bars that extends above the high of its prior bar, ending the two
legs down. View each bar as a potential signal bar, and place a buy stop at one tick
above its high. Once ﬁlled, you now have a variant of a high 2. This entry bar is,
strictly speaking, just a high 1, but treat it as a high 2. That bear bar at the start of
the pullback was followed by a bar with a bull close. On a smaller time frame, this
was almost certainly a small down leg followed by an up leg that became a lower
high, and then ﬁnally another push down to where the high 2 ended the second leg.
Pullbacks often grow and evolve into larger pullbacks. For example, if there is
a bull trend and a high 1 long entry fails to reach a new high and instead there is a
lower high and then another leg down, traders will look for a high 2 setup to buy.
If the high 2 triggers but the rally does not go very far and the market turns down
again below the low of the high 2 signal bar, traders will then look to buy either
a high 3 (a wedge or a triangle) or a high 4 pullback. Whenever there is a strong
breakout below a high 2 or wedge (high 3) buy signal bar, the market usually will
have at least two more pushes down. If the breakout below the high 2 signal bar
is not strong and the entire move down has a wedge shape and reverses up from a
trend channel line, then the high 3 is forming a wedge bull ﬂag and is often a reliable
buy setup. Remember, this is a pullback in a bull trend, and not a reversal attempt
in a bear trend, where traders need a clear demonstration of bullish strength before
looking to buy, as discussed in the section in book 3 on reversals. If the breakout
below the high 2 buy signal bar reverses up after a second push down and the four
pushes down are in something of a channel and does not look particularly strong,
it is a high 4 buy setup. Some high 4 buy setups are simply high 2 buy setups on
higher time frames, where the two legs each subdivide into two smaller legs. If the
breakout below the failed high 2 has strong momentum and the entire pullback
from the top of the selloff is in a relatively tight channel, then buying the high 3
is risky. Instead, traders should wait to see if there is a breakout above the bear

264
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
channel and then a breakout pullback. Whenever a trader wonders if the channel
down might be too strong to buy above a high 3 or high 4 signal bar, he should treat
the setup like any other channel breakout, as was discussed in book 1. Wait to see
how strong the bull breakout is before looking to buy. If the breakout is strong,
then traders can look to buy a pullback. If it is so strong that it has a series of bull
trend bars without a pullback, which can happen but is unusual, the market would
have become always-in long and traders can buy for any reason, including on the
close of any strong bull trend bar. Since the stop is below the bottom of the spike,
which can be far away, the position size should be small. If instead the market falls
below the low of the bar 4 signal bar, the market is likely in a bear trend and traders
should start to look to sell rallies rather than to continue to look to buy.
The opposite is true in a bear rally. If the low 2 short fails and the market
continues to rally, look at the momentum of the move up from the failed low 2. If it
is not too strong and the market is in a channel, especially if it has a wedge shape,
look to short the low 3, which would be a wedge bear ﬂag. If the momentum up is
very strong, like if there is a two- or three-bar strong bull spike up from the failed
low 2, look for at least two more legs up and do not short the low 3. Short the low 4
only if the overall picture supports a short, and do not short if you believe that the
market has now converted into a bull trend.
As is discussed in the chapter on reversals in the third book, when traders are
looking for a reversal down, they often look for a high 1, high 2, or triangle (a high
3) pattern that they expect will fail and become the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bull leg, and then
short above the buy signal bar. Since the breakout is a test of the high, it creates a
double top (the breakout might form a lower high or a higher high, but since it is
a second push up and it is turning down, it is a type of double top, as discussed in
book 3). When a person shorts above a high 2 buy signal bar, he is expecting the
market to trade down into a trading range or new bear trend. Since a double top
is two pushes up, and the trader is expecting that it is at the top of a trading range
or new bear swing, and is also a low 2 sell setup (selling below the low of the bar
that created the double top). Almost every reversal down comes from some form
of double top. If the top is after just a small leg up in a trading range, the double
top will often involve only a few bars and be a micro double top. The same is true
of most bottoms. They form from failed low 1 or low 2 or triangle breakouts, which
create double bottoms and ﬁnal ﬂag reversals up. Since a trader is expecting a move
up into a trading range or a new bull, a double bottom is also a high 2 buy setup,
with the entry at one tick above the high of the bar that created the last push down
to the double bottom.
High 3 and low 3 patterns should be traded like wedges (or a traditional tri-
angle, if the pattern is mostly horizontal) because functionally they are the same.
However, to keep the terminology consistent, it is better to call them wedges when

BAR COUNTING
265
they act as reversal patterns because by deﬁnition a high 3 is a pullback (a wedge
bull ﬂag) in a bull trend or trading range, and a low 3 is a wedge bear ﬂag in a bear
trend or a trading range. For example, if there is a bull trend or a trading range, a
high 3 means that there were three legs down, and that sets up a buy signal above
the high of the signal bar. If there is a bear trend, you are looking for low 1, 2, 3,
and 4 setups and not high 1, 2, 3, and 4 patterns. If there is a clear wedge bottom in
a bear trend, you should look to buy the reversal; but since it is in a bear trend, you
should call this a wedge bottom and not a high 3. Likewise, if there is a bear trend
or a trading range, a low 3 means that there were three pushes up and you should
trade it like a wedge top. If there is a bull trend, you should not be looking for a low
3 to short, but shorting below a wedge top can be acceptable.
There is also a variation for a failed high/low 4. If the signal bar for the high
4 or low 4 is particularly small, especially if it is a doji, sometimes the entry bar
will quickly reverse into an outside bar, running the protective stops of the traders
who just entered. When the signal bar is small, to avoid a whipsaw it is often best to
place your protective stop at more than one tick beyond the signal bar (maybe three
ticks, but no more than a total of eight ticks from your entry in the Emini when the
average range is about 10 points) and still to treat the pattern as valid even though
technically it failed, albeit by only a tick or so. Remember, everything is subjective
and a trader is always looking for something close to perfect, but never expecting
perfection, because perfection is rare.
Be aware that complex corrections on the 5 minute chart often appear as
simple high/low 1 or 2 corrections on higher time frame charts. It is not worth
looking at the higher time frame charts since the trades are evident on the 5 minute
chart and you risk distracting yourself looking for rare signals and missing too many
5 minute signals.
A high 1 buy setup is a failed attempt by the market to reverse down, and a
low 1 short setup is a failed rally attempt in a bear trend. Because strong trends
usually continue, reversal attempts almost always fail. You can proﬁt by betting on
the failure. You enter exactly where those trapped faders (traders trading against
the trend) will exit with their losses. Their exit stop is your entry stop.
The most reliable high 1 and low 1 entries occur when there is a false breakout
of a micro trend line in the spike phase of a trend, which is the strongest segment
of the trend. Traders see a spike and start looking to buy a high 1, but they are over-
looking the second critical component of a high 1 buy setup. The ﬁnal component is
a ﬁlter—do not take a high 1 following a signiﬁcant buy climax, and don’t take a low
1 short after a signiﬁcant sell climax. Yes, you need a bull spike; but you also need a
strong bull trend. One of the most common mistakes that traders make is that they
trade on hope and buy every high 1, expecting a trend to follow. Instead, they have
to force themselves to wait for the bull trend to form and then look for a high 1. If

266
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
the bull spike is strong, but still below earlier highs on the chart, the market might
still be in a trading range, which makes buying above a high 1 riskier. The high 1
buy setup could easily turn into the ﬁnal ﬂag of the rally before a big correction or
a reversal. The bull spike that is racing up might be due to a buy vacuum test of the
trading range high and not a new bull trend. If both the bulls and the bears expect
the top of the trading range to get tested, once the market gets close to the top, the
bulls will buy aggressively and relentlessly, conﬁdent that the market will make it
up to the magnet that is just a little higher. The strong bears see the same thing and
stop shorting. Why should they short now when they can sell at an even better price
in a few minutes? The result is a very strong bull spike that leads to a reversal once
it reaches around the top of the trading range, at which point smart traders would
not be buying the closes of the strong bull trend bars or the high 1 buy setups. In
fact, many would be shorting, using limit orders, since they expect that this break-
out attempt will be like most strong breakout attempts, and will fail. For traders to
buy a high 1, they need a strong bull spike and a bull trend, not simply a spike up
within a trading range. Also, they should not buy the high 1 if the bull spike ended
with too strong a buy climax.
The same is true for a low 1 short. Wait for the bear trend, not just a bear spike
within a trading range, and then look for a spike with a low 1 sell setup. Don’t simply
short every low 1 after every spike, because most spikes occur in trading ranges,
and shorting a low 1 at the bottom of a trading range is a losing strategy because
the low 1 setup has a good chance of being the ﬁnal ﬂag in the leg down; the market
might then have a large correction up or even a bull reversal. If traders are looking
to buy a high 1 or short a low 1, they should do so only in the spike phase of a trend
and not take the trade if there is evidence of a possible climax. For example, if you
are looking to buy a high 1 setup, you are betting that the pullback will be minimal
and have only one leg. Many high 1 setups are just one- or two-bar pullbacks after
sharp three- to ﬁve-bar spikes, while others are four- or ﬁve-bar pullbacks to the
moving average in extremely strong trends that have run for ﬁve to 10 bars, which
can be a little too far, too fast. If you are buying such a brief pullback, you believe
that there is tremendous urgency in the market and that this brief pullback might
be your only chance to buy below the high of what you believe is a very strong
bull trend. If the market goes sideways for ﬁve bars and has several small dojis, the
market has lost its urgency and it is better to wait before buying. If a high 2 forms,
it is a safer buy setup.
The most common reason for a trader failing to buy a high 1 pullback is that
the trader was hoping for a larger pullback. However, it is important to get long
when there is a strong bull trend, and traders should place a buy stop above the
prior swing high, in case the pullback is brief and the bull trend quickly resumes.
The same is true in a strong bear trend. If the three criteria for shorting a low 1 are

BAR COUNTING
267
present (a strong bear trend, a strong bear spike, and no strong sell climax), traders
must get short. If they are deciding whether to place an order to short below a low
1 signal bar, they should place an order to short at one tick below the swing low.
Then, if they end up not shorting the low 1 and the market races down, they will be
swept into the strong bear trend. This is far better than watching from the sidelines
and waiting for the next pullback. If they short the low 1, they can then cancel the
order to short below the swing low.
If that high 1 is such a reliable buy setup in the spike phase of a strong bull
trend, how could it possibly form when the institutions know that there might be
an 80 percent chance of the trend resuming and being followed by a new high?
Why would they ever allow the pullback if they believe the market will go higher?
It is because they created the pullback. The spike was caused by many ﬁrms simul-
taneously buying relentlessly, which means that they were scaling into their long
positions during their buy programs. At some point, each of those ﬁrms will start
scaling out of its position, and once enough of them stop buying and begin to sell
out of their positions, a bar will form with a low that is below the low of the prior
bar. Many other ﬁrms will buy as the market falls below the other bar, but just for
a scalp if the trend is not too strong. From this point on, ﬁrms will all be scaling
out; because of this, the breakout above the high 1 setup often results in only a
scalp. In the very strongest of trends, it is a swing trade and there might be one or
two more high 1 setups at a higher level and then some high 2 buy setups; but in
all cases, pullbacks are caused by institutions taking some proﬁts from their lower
entries. They are in the business of making money, which means that they have to
take proﬁts at some point, and when enough of them begin to take partial proﬁts at
one time, they create bull ﬂags, like high 1, high 2, or larger pullbacks. The opposite
is true in bear trends.
This is an important observation because you now see that you should buy a
high 1 long setup only when the trend is very strong, which usually means only in
the spike phase and only when the market is clearly in a trend. Finally, don’t buy a
high 1 after a climax or a reversal, and do not buy a high 1 pullback at the top of a
trading range because the bull trend has not yet broken out. High 1 buy setups at
the tops of strong bull spikes and low 1 short setups at the bottom of strong bear
spikes are common in trading ranges and are usually traps. In fact, they are often
good fade setups. For example, if a high 1 is setting up at the top of a trading range,
especially if the signal bar is a doji bar, it is often sensible to place a limit order to
short at or above the top of the high 1 buy signal bar. Since you expect the high 1
long to fail, you think that it will reverse and hit a two-point stop before it will go six
ticks and ﬁll your proﬁt-taking limit order for a one-point scalp. When you expect
a high 1 long failure, you believe that the probability of the protective stop being
hit before the proﬁt-taking limit order is ﬁlled is at least 60 percent. If you fade the

268
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
high 1 by going short with a limit order at the high of the signal bar, you expect that
it will not go six ticks up and you can therefore use a six-tick protective stop. Since
you feel that it is a bad buy setup, you believe that it will fall seven ticks below your
entry price, which is eight ticks below the long entry price of the bulls who bought
on a stop at one tick above the signal bar. This means that you can scalp out of your
short with a six-tick limit order and have at least a 60 percent chance of making six
ticks while risking six ticks, which is a good trade. You can also place a limit order
to go long at or below the low of a low 1 short signal bar if it forms at the bottom of
a trading range and you believe that a low 1 short would fail.
If that high 1 at the top of the trading range was so strong, why was the spike
not strong enough to break far above the trading range and have several bars of
follow-through? The market is telling you that the spike is not very strong and you
should therefore listen. Just because the spike has four bull trend bars does not
make it the spike phase of a strong bull trend. Look at the entire chart and make
sure that the spike is part of a strong trend and not just a trap at the top of a trading
range. Remember, the market often has strong bull spikes at the tops of trading
ranges because the strong traders step aside and don’t sell until the market gets to
the top of the range or even breaks out for a bar or two. The bulls then sell out
of their longs to take proﬁts and the bears sell to initiate new shorts. This vacuum
sucks the market up quickly but it has nothing to do with a trend. Traders are very
eager to sell but it does not make sense for them to sell if they think that the market
will go up several more ticks to test the top of the range. Instead, they stop selling
and wait for the market to get there; then they appear out of nowhere and the strong
rally reverses, trapping beginners into buying near the high of the day. A high 1 is
a buy setup only in a clear bull trend and not in a spike near the top of a trading
range. A low 1 is a short setup only in a clear, strong bear trend.
High 1 and low 1 patterns are with-trend setups, so if one occurs within a pull-
back in a trend but in the direction of the pullback and not the trend, do not take
the trade. Instead, wait for it to fail and then enter with the trend on the breakout
pullback. For example, if there is a bull trend and then a four-bar-long bear micro
trend line forms at or above the moving average, do not short the failed breakout
above the trend line. You do not want to be shorting a bull trend at the bottom of a
pullback near the moving average, which is commonly near the end of the pullback.
Instead, look for this failure to fail and turn into a breakout pullback, which will be
in the direction of the trend (up). There is a breakout above the bear micro trend
line that failed. The failed breakout traded down brieﬂy, but it failed to go far and
it reversed up. Once it reversed up, the reversal up was a breakout pullback entry
from the initial breakout above the micro trend line. However, if the bear leg has
four or more consecutive bear trend bars and the failed micro trend line setup is
below the moving average, it will likely be a proﬁtable short scalp, even though the
day may be a bull trend day.

BAR COUNTING
269
Trends have trending highs and lows. In a bull trend, each low is usually above
the prior low (a higher low) and each high gets higher (a higher high); in bear trends,
there are lower highs and lower lows. In general, the terms higher high and higher
low are reserved for situations in which a bull trend appears to be in place or in the
process of developing, and lower low and lower high imply that a bear trend might
be in effect. These terms imply that there will have been at least a minor trend line
break, so you are considering buying a higher low in a bull trend (a pullback) or in
a bear trend (countertrend but it may be a reversal) and selling a lower high in a
bull trend or a bear trend. When trading countertrend, you should scalp most or all
of your position unless the reversal is strong.
Once a high 2 long triggers in a bull trend or in a trading range, if the market
then reverses and trades below the low of the pattern before reaching at least a
scalper’s proﬁt, the high 2 buy has failed. Likewise, if there is a low 2 short en-
try in a bear trend or in a trading range and the market fails to reach at least a
scalper’s proﬁt and instead breaks out above the top of the pattern, the low 2 sell
has failed. The most common cause of a high or low 2 failure is that the trader is
in denial about a trend reversal and is still looking for trades in the direction of the
old trend.
A high or low 2 is one of the most reliable with-trend setups. If a trade fails,
the pattern will usually evolve and get either one or two more corrective legs. For
example, if the market is moving down in a pullback in a bull trend or in a trading
range and forms a high 2, but within a bar or two a bar trades below the low of the
signal bar, the high 2 has failed to reverse the market upward out of the bull ﬂag.
When that happens, the downswing will usually try to reverse up again in a high 3 or
a high 4. The high 3 represents three pushes down and is therefore a variation of a
wedge. If the market is more likely to continue lower, you would get stopped out of
your long if you bought the high 3. However, if you simply always wait for a high 4,
you will miss many good high 3 long trades. The market often gives traders a clue as
to which scenario is more likely. That clue comes in the form of the momentum that
follows the failed high 2. If the market does not signiﬁcantly change its momentum
from that of the down move, it is more likely that the market will reverse up on
the high 3, creating a wedge bull ﬂag buy signal (and the breakout below the high
2 becomes an exhaustion gap, instead of a measuring gap). If instead there is a
large bear breakout bar or two, this increases the odds that there will be at least
two more legs down, and traders should wait for the high 4 before looking to buy.
In this case, the breakout bar is likely to become a measuring gap and lead to a
measured move down. Whenever there is a strong spike, many traders will start the
count over again and will expect at least two more legs down before they are willing
to buy again. The reversal up after the ﬁrst leg is the ﬁrst attempt to break out above
the steep bear trend line and is therefore likely to fail. The second attempt up is the
breakout pullback from that breakout, and, since it is a breakout pullback (whether

270
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
it is a lower low or a higher low), it is more likely to succeed. If the market reverses
up from the high 4 after the failed high 2, usually the pattern is simply a complex
high 2 where both legs subdivided into two smaller legs. This is usually evident on
a higher time frame chart, where a simple high 2 will often be clearly seen. If that
high 4 fails, the market is more likely now in a bear trend instead of just a pullback
in a bull trend, and traders should then reevaluate the strength and direction of the
market before placing any more trades.
The opposite is true in a rising leg in a bear trend or a trading range. If the
low 2 triggers a short entry, but within a bar or two there is a bar that trades above
the high of the signal bar and the momentum is unremarkable, a proﬁtable low 3
setup (a wedge bear ﬂag) is more likely. However, if there are a couple of large bull
trend bars, then the breakout is strong and the market will likely have at least two
more legs up, so traders should not short the low 3. Instead, they should wait to see
if a low 4 sets up. If the momentum up after the low 3 is very strong, the market
is likely in a steep bull channel and it is better not to short the low 4, which is the
ﬁrst breakout of the bottom of a strong bull channel. Instead, traders should wait to
see if a higher high or lower high breakout pullback sets up. If so, this is a second-
entry short and a lower-risk trade. However, if the bull channel is not very tight and
there is some reason to look for a top, such as the low 3 being a small ﬁnal ﬂag or a
second attempt to reverse down after moving above a swing high or a reversal from
a higher time frame bear trend line, then traders can short the low 4. Low 4 signal
bars are often small, and when they are, the market often quickly reverses up and
runs the protective stops above the low 4 signal bar, and then once again reverses
down into a good bear swing. Because of this, when there is a small low 4 or high 4
signal bar, use a money management stop of about two points in the Emini instead
of a price action stop beyond the signal bar.
The key to understanding the concept of high/low 2 setups is to remember its
intent. The idea is that the market will tend to make two attempts at anything,
and in its attempt to correct, it frequently will try twice to reverse the trend. The
advantage of buying a high 2 pullback in a bull trend is that there is very little
thought involved and it is easy to do. The difﬁculty comes when a correction has
two attempts but does not form a clear high or low 2. That is why it is necessary
to look at variations—you can make money by trading two-legged pullbacks even
when they don’t offer a perfect high or low 2 setup.
The most obvious two-legged move has two clear swings with an opposite
swing in between that breaks a minor trend line and usually forms a high 2 pull-
back in a bull trend or a low 2 in a bear trend (an ABC correction). However, there
are less clear variations that provide just as reliable trades, so it is important to
recognize these as well. Any time that you see a correction where you can infer
two legs, then you have found an acceptable pattern. However, the further from
the ideal it is, the less likely it will behave like the ideal.

BAR COUNTING
271
A high 2 in a bull trend is more reliable than in a trading range. When there is
a bull trend, the market has pullbacks along the way, which are created both by
proﬁt-taking bulls and by aggressive shorts. Most of the time, the top looks like it
might be good enough for a scalp, and that draws in new bears who are hoping for
a reversal. There might be a good-looking bear reversal bar, a wedge, a buy climax,
or some other pattern that leads them to believe that the market has a reasonable
chance of reversing, and they therefore short. If the market pulls back, they begin
to feel conﬁdent. If the market forms a high 1 long, many will continue to hold short
since they are hoping for a bear trend or at least a large correction in the bull trend,
and they accept the high 1 as a possible lower high that will be followed by lower
prices. When the market turns down from that lower high, they are feeling more
conﬁdent. However, they will not hold on to their shorts if the market turns up a
second time. If it does, that would be a high 2 long entry. The bulls will see the
setup as two attempts to drive the market down where both failed, so they will buy
the high 2 long. The bears will see it the same way, and if both fail, they will give
up, buy back their shorts, and wait for another signal before shorting again. The
relative absence of bears for the next bar or two and the renewed eagerness of the
bulls make the high 2 a reliable setup in a bull trend. Most of the time, it forms at or
near the moving average.
The opposite is true of a low 2 in a bear trend, where low 2 setups are more
reliable than in trading ranges. The bear trend will have pullbacks, and invariably
the start of the pullback will be just confusing enough to make the bulls wonder if
it might be a trend reversal, so they begin to buy, and the bears will wonder if it
might lead to a stronger correction up, so they begin to take proﬁts, buying back
some of their longs. The result of this buying by both the bulls and the bears is a
rally, but at this point neither the bulls nor the bears know if it will be a reversal or
just a bear ﬂag. The early bulls might allow one move against them in the form of
a low 1, since it might form a higher low, but they will not hold on to their longs if
the market moves against them twice. They will exit on the low 2 and not buy again
for at least a couple of bars. Also, the bears will short the low 2, so their shorting,
coupled with the selling by the bulls (they are selling out of their longs) and the
absence of new bulls, results in an imbalance in favor of the bears. Just like with a
high 2 in a bull trend, a low 2 in a bear trend usually forms as a pullback to or near
the moving average.
A three-push top is often a variation of a low 2, even though it is actually a low 3.
Whenever the ﬁrst leg is strong and disproportionately large or strong compared to
the next two legs, you have something that looks enough like a wedge to behave
like a wedge. The low 1 that follows that strong ﬁrst leg is followed by two weaker
legs that can often be seen as just one leg made of two smaller parts. The entry
is on the low 3, at the completion of the wedge, but it can also be thought of as a
low 2. However, the numbering becomes irrelevant because you are faced with a

272
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
three-push pattern, and it should behave like a wedge reversal whether you choose
to call the entry a low 3 or a low 2. Don’t spend too much time on the intellectual
side here. Remember, most really smart academics can’t trade, so as ideal as intel-
lectualism and perfection are, you will lose money if you ﬁght the market and insist
that it behave perfectly like it is often described in textbooks.
The opposite is true in three-push bottoms, where the second of the two legs
can often be seen as breaking into two parts and you have what appears to be a high
3 but functions like a wedge and like a high 2. In other words, the market should go
up for at least a scalp, regardless of how you choose to number the legs.
Some traders look for countertrend scalps against strong trends. For example,
if there is a strong bear trend and then a bull reversal bar forms, overly eager bulls
might buy above that bar. Since they are trading against a trend, they will often
allow a pullback, like a low 1 short. They expect the low 1 short to fail and become
a higher low, and they might hold long to see if that will be the case. However, if
the market does not reach their proﬁt target and instead forms a low 2 setup, most
traders will not allow the trend to resume a second time and they will sell out of
their longs as the low 2 triggers. If the low 2 does not trigger and the market has one
more small push up and sets up a low 3, this is a wedge bear ﬂag, and the longs will
exit if it triggers. They know that there is a possibility that their trades still might
work as long as the market does not fall below the small higher low, but they realize
that the odds are too strongly against them. More experienced traders would not
have bought that reversal and instead would have waited to short below the low
2 or 3 signal bar, which is a very strong setup in a bear trend. As the market falls
below the higher low, the bear trend often accelerates as the ﬁnal bulls give up and
sell out of their losing longs. In general, if you ever buy early, always get out and
even reverse if the market triggers a low 2 or 3 short, especially if there is a strong
bear signal bar, because this is one of the most reliable sell setups. Similarly, if you
short a strong bull trend, always get out if a high 2 or 3 triggers, especially if there
is a strong bull signal bar, which creates one of the strongest buy setups. If you are
emotionally able to reverse, you usually should.

Figure 17.1
BAR COUNTING
273
FIGURE 17.1
Bar Counting
Don’t lose sight of the goal in bar counting. Focus on the pullbacks and not on
the high 1s, high 2s, low 1s, and low 2s. Most of the time when the market is in a
bull trend or in a trading range, you are looking to buy two-legged pullbacks, like
the high 2s above bars 4, 7, 13, or 17 in Figure 17.1, and even then you should not
mechanically buy every one. For example, there were two legs down to bar 15, the
ﬁrst being the channel down to bar 13. However, bar 15 was the fourth consecutive
bear bar and it followed a strong bear trend bar two bars earlier. Also, the second
leg was much smaller than the ﬁrst so there might be more to go. When there are
problems with a setup, it is better to wait.
Why wasn’t bar 10 a good high 1 long setup? Because it was after a buy climax
at the end of a bull leg and ﬁnal ﬂag (bar 8) and the market was likely to correct
sideways to down for about 10 bars or more in two or more legs. Whenever there is
a relatively large bull trend bar after the market has been trending up for a while, it
might represent a temporary exhaustion in the trend. If a trend might be exhausted,
it is no longer a strong bull trend and therefore a high 1 is not a good buy setup.
This is also the reason why bar 11 was not a good buy setup. Since the market was
still in the process of correcting after the buy climax, it was in a trading range phase
and it is risky to buy a high 2 above the moving average in a trading range.

274
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.1
Bar 17 was a better high 2 long setup. It was the end of a complex two-legged
correction where each leg subdivided into two legs, and the larger legs were of
similar size and the small legs were of similar size, so the shape was good. Also, al-
though in hindsight the market had converted into a bear trend, at this point there
was still enough two-sided trading to consider it a trading range and therefore buy-
ing a high 2 was reasonable. The larger second leg down began at bar 14 and ended
at bar 17, and the high 2 can be thought of in three ways: as being a high 4, as being
a high 2 of the two larger legs where bar 13 was the high 1 end of the ﬁrst leg, or as
being a high 2 of the two smaller legs where bar 15 was the end of the ﬁrst leg.
Although high 1s and low 1s are common, they rarely are good setups except in
the strongest trends. Since a high 1 usually occurs near the top of a leg, you should
buy it only if that leg is in the spike phase of a bull leg. Bar 8 is an example of a good
high 1 because it formed in a strong bull trend that had six consecutive bull trend
bars and each bull body had little, if any, overlap with the body of the bar before it.
Almost all high 1s in bull spikes and low 1 pullbacks in bear spikes will be micro
trend line breakouts.
Similarly, bars 25 and 27 were good low 1 short setups in a bear spike. There
was a strong bear trend, a strong bear spike, and no strong sell climax, at least not
at bar 24. Sometimes it is more descriptive to call the setup something other than a
bar count setup, and bar 27 was a good example. Yes, it was a low 1 in a strong bear
trend, but some traders would have been concerned about the strong bar 26 bull
reversal bar. They would then have concluded that the bear trend was no longer
strong enough to be shorting a low 1. However, they might have wondered if the
market was starting to enter a trading range, because this was the second attempt
to reverse up, and they might then have wondered whether bar 26 might actually
be a high 2 at the bottom of an incipient trading range, where bar 24 set up the
high 1. They would still have shorted below the bar 27 low 1, but not because it was
a low 1. Instead, they would have shorted it because they saw it as a failed high 2
in a bear trend and they knew that the high 2 would have trapped bulls after that
strong bar 26 reversal bar.
Since the market was in a strong bear trend at bar 25 and you could not buy
above the high of the prior bar, you could have shorted above the high of the prior
bar, bar 24, and you could have sold more below bar 25.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Bar 1 in Figure 17.1 was an attempt to be the start of a trend from the open bull trend
on a large gap up day, but it failed on the very next bar, which became a bull trap (it
trapped bulls into a losing trade). Since that bear reversal bar traded above bar 1 and
turned down, it can be thought of as a failed high 1. This makes bar 2 a high 2 long
setup, but after that bull trap, it was better to wait for a second leg down and at least

Figure 17.1
BAR COUNTING
275
one good bull body before looking to buy again. Also, the move down to bar 2 was a
micro channel and the breakout above the channel would be likely to have a pullback, so
it was better to wait for that pullback before looking to buy. Do not worry about unclear
bar counting like this; instead, focus on the goal of ﬁnding a two-legged pullback to buy.
The point that is worth noting here is that on many days when the second bar of the day
trades above the ﬁrst and then the market trades down, that second bar often becomes
a high 1 in a high 2 buy setup, and you should be ready to buy that high 2 if the setup
looks good. Although the bar 2 high 2 led to a proﬁtable scalp, it would have been a
stronger buy setup if bar 2 had been a bull reversal bar, especially if its low had been
below the moving average.
Bar 20 was a two-legged pullback to the moving average (the bull trend bar two
bars earlier was the ﬁrst push up) and therefore a reasonable short setup. However, the
market traded above the entry and signal bars two bars later on bar 21. That formed a
small third push up that trapped bulls in who bought a failed low 2, and trapped bears out
who let themselves get stopped out above the high of the bar 20 short signal bar. This
is an example of a wedge bear ﬂag. Whenever the market is below the moving average,
traders are looking for shorts, and when there are both trapped bears and bulls, the
odds of a successful short signal go up. The bulls will stop themselves out, and their
selling as they exit their longs will help push the market down further. The bears who
were just stopped out will now panic and be willing to chase the market down, adding
to the selling pressure.

276
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.2
FIGURE 17.2
High and Low 1 Setups in Trading Ranges
The high and low 1 setups in the chart on the left in Figure 17.2 formed within a
trading range and were not good trades. Those in the chart on the right were in
clear bear and bull trends and were great setups. Just because the market has a
strong bull spike and a high 1 buy setup does not mean that you should buy it, and
you should never short a low 1 unless there is a strong bear trend.
By bar 7, the market had had ﬁve reversals, the range was small, and most of
the bars overlapped with prior bars. The day was in a trading range and clearly not
in a strong bull trend. Two bull trend bars formed a strong spike up from the lower
low at bar 5, and it broke above the bar 4 lower high. Bulls were hoping that the
day would break out to the upside and form a bull trend, and it could have, except
for market inertia. Trends tend to keep trending and reversals usually fail; trading
ranges keep going sideways and breakout attempts usually fail. Bar 7 was a high 1
buy setup after a strong bull spike, but it was in a trading range day. It also had a
doji signal bar, which represents two-sided trading. This is a bad buy setup and, in
fact, aggressive traders expected it to fail and shorted on a limit order at and above
the bar 7 high.
Bar 9 was a high 2 setup above the moving average and in a trading range and
therefore was likely to fail.

Figure 17.2
BAR COUNTING
277
Bar 11 was the fourth bear trend bar in a bear spike that broke to a new low of
the day. However, this is a trading range day. It might become a trend day but it is
not one yet and therefore a low 1 at the low of the day will likely fail, especially with
a doji signal bar. Aggressive bulls bought at or below the low of bar 11, expecting
the shorts to be trapped.
Compare those setups with those in the chart on the right. The market was in
a trend from the open consisting of three large bear trend bars with small tails and
little overlap, and broke far below yesterday’s low. This was a clear, strong bear
trend with lots of urgency. Bar 22 was a one-bar pullback, and traders aggressively
shorted below this low 1 short setup. In fact, traders were so conﬁdent that the
market would go below the low of the spike that many shorted on limit orders at
and above the bar 21 high.
There was another sell climax to the low of the day, which is often followed by
a two-legged correction and sometimes a trend reversal. Six bull trend bars created
a rally to the moving average, and the bars had very little overlap, big bodies, and
small tails. There was urgency to the buying, and everyone was waiting for a pull-
back from this strong bull spike in a possible new bull trend. There was a one-bar
pause at bar 26, which set up a good high 1 long.
There was another six-bar spike up to bar 30 and then a six-bar pullback to
the moving average at bar 31, where there was a bull signal bar and another valid
high 1 buy setup.

278
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.3
FIGURE 17.3
Bar Counting Is Sometimes Diﬃcult
Figure 17.3 presents a chart of a difﬁcult day to count (but fairly easy to trade) that
shows many subtleties in counting the legs of pullbacks. When the ﬁrst leg is steep
and its correction is only a couple of bars long (like to the bar 2 pause), and then a
high 2 setup forms, again after only a bar or two (like at bar 3), no signiﬁcant trend
line will be broken, so you should not be looking to buy a high 2. There is too much
risk that this is a bear trend and not a trading range or a pullback in a bull trend,
and therefore you should not be looking for high 1s and 2s.
Even though there have been two attempts to go up, the ﬁrst attempt was too
weak. You always want a show of strength before your buy setup. Otherwise, as-
sume that the market is still in its ﬁrst leg down. If the bar after bar 3 were to go
above the bar 3 high, it would be an aggressive long entry, but the buy is always
better if the rally after the ﬁrst leg down (the high 1) shows more strength.
The market sometimes drops again and forms a high 3 after penetrating a trend
channel line and reversing up. This is a wedge reversal (three legs and a failed
breakout of a trend channel line) and one set up at bar 4. Note that neither bar
2 nor bar 3 went above their prior bars but they each effectively ended a small
leg down. On a 1 minute chart, there was almost certainly a clear leg and small
corrective rally that formed these 5 minute bull trend bars.

Figure 17.3
BAR COUNTING
279
Bar 4 was a high 3 long entry bar, but it was also a bear trend bar. Since it
was only the second bar of the up leg and the rally after a wedge bottom usually
has at least two legs up, it was not a good low 1 short setup. Remember, all of
these reversal attempts are more reliable when they follow a break of a longer and
stronger trend line. If no meaningful trend line is broken on the prior leg (like the
bar 2 reversal attempt), then the next leg’s reversal attempt will not have much
conviction (bar 3), and you should wait for additional price action like the wedge
bottom at bar 4 before considering buying.
Bar 5 can be viewed as a low 1 or as a low 2, but when the market is correcting
up from a climax bottom (a wedge is a type of climax), make sure to allow it to
correct sideways to up before looking to short again. There is no strict rule about
what constitutes an adequate correction, but in general the correction should have
two clear legs and have at least about half as many bars as the wedge. The sell-off
was also a spike and channel bear trend, so the leg up should test close to the start
of the channel at bar 2.
Bar 6, strictly speaking, was a low 2, but since there was no meaningful bull
trend line break at the low 1, you would not be shorting it. The market was still in a
tight channel, so you should not be looking for a low 1 or low 2 short. Channels can
have many pullbacks as the channel progresses, but they usually have at least three
legs before there is a breakout and a reversal. Bar 7 was the third push up. It was a
second-entry short on the moving average test, it formed a double top with the bar
2 top of the channel, and it was the ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal. Shorting below
the bear bar that followed was a reasonable trade. However, the market had been
in a tight trading range since bar 6 so most traders should not have been trading;
instead, they should have waited for the breakout and then begun to look for trades.
Bar 8 was a high 1, but it occurred after six sideways bars at the top of a weak
rally and not in a strong bull spike.
Bar 10 was also a high 2 entry above a bull bar at the bottom of a trading range,
and an acceptable long entry.
Although bar 11 was a high 1 variant because it did not extend above the prior
bar, it was also a low 2 short setup below the moving average. The low 1 setup
was the 2 bar reversal from two bars earlier, and that also set up a failed high 2
(bar 10 was the high 2 entry bar). It was the second attempt to create a failure of
the bar 10 high 2 long, and most traders who bought above bar 10 would exit on
this second failure. This is one of the reasons why a low 2 short below the moving
average works. It is exactly where premature longs will exit, and as they sell out of
their longs, they add to the selling pressure and they will not buy again for at least
a bar or two.
Bar 12 was a bull reversal bar and a high 2 (bar 11 was the high 1) in a quiet day
and it was the new low of the day, making it a high-probability trade for at least a
scalp. If there was no high 1, the move down would have had about six trending bear

280
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.3
bars and traders would have to wait for a breakout pullback (a second entry) before
considering a long trade. Bar 12 was the end of a measured move (approximately)
in a larger two-legged pullback, with the ﬁrst leg ending at bar 10, and the end of an
even larger measured move from the high of the day with a ﬁrst leg ending at bar 4.
Finally, bar 12 was a reversal up from a bear trend channel overshoot. The line is
not shown, but it is anchored on the low of the bar before bar 10 and was created
as a parallel of the bear trend line down from bar 7.
Bar 13 could have been the start of a tight trading range because it was the
third consecutive small doji. By two bars later, the tight trading range was clear,
so most traders should no longer have been using bar counts for setups. However,
experienced traders could view bar 13 as a push down, and the two bear bars over
the next four bars as two more pushes down; they could then view this tight trad-
ing range as a wedge bull ﬂag (discussed in Chapter 18) and then look to buy the
breakout, expecting a bull channel after the strong bar 12 bull spike. Since at this
point the day was basically in a trading range and this tight trading range was in the
middle of the day’s range, bar counting was unreliable. However, since there had
just been a strong spike up, it was reasonable to look to buy above a bull trend bar,
regardless of what the bar count was.
Bar 14 was a low 2, ending the second leg up, with the spike up from bar 12
being the ﬁrst leg up. It was also a double top bear ﬂag with bar 7 and therefore the
second failed attempt to run to the high of the day. On a trendless day and after a
double top bear ﬂag, you should look for two legs down. The ﬁrst leg ended with
the bar 15 high 1, which was followed by two small legs up, ending with the bar 16
low 2 at the moving average.
The second leg down ended with the high 2 at bar 17, but bar 17 was a bear
trend bar following a bear trend bar, and it followed a ﬁrst leg down to bar 15 that
was very strong. It was still a valid buy but the uncertainty resulted in a second-
chance entry at the bar 18 high 2. This second entry developed because enough
traders were sufﬁciently uncomfortable with the ﬁrst entry to make them wait for
a second setup. It was also an ii pattern variant based on bodies only. In later chap-
ters, you will learn that it is also a double bottom pullback long setup. Bar 17 formed
a double bottom with either the bar before or the bar after bar 15, and the sideways
bar before bar 18 was the pullback.
The low 2 at bar 19 was after strong upward momentum, but it was still a valid
short. However, it resulted in a ﬁve-tick failure at bar 20 (described later; it means
that the move down from bar 19 reached only ﬁve ticks and therefore left many
shorts still trapped without a scalper’s proﬁt).
Bar 20 formed a failed low 2, which trapped shorts and was therefore a good
entry, especially when the upward momentum had been strong. When a failed
low 2 occurs, it is usually followed by either a low 3 wedge or a low 4. It was
also a high 2 above the moving average and within a trading range, but the market

Figure 17.3
BAR COUNTING
281
was in the channel phase of a bull spike and channel trend, and therefore it was a
with-trend buy setup, even though it was still below the top of the trading range.
Spike and channel trends are discussed in Chapter 21 in book 1 on trends.
Since the bull spike up from bar 20 was so strong, at least two more legs up
were likely, and buying the high 1 at bar 21 was a reliable trade. It was possible for
this leg down to evolve into a two-legged pullback having a bar with a low below
the low of bar 21 (forming a high 2 buy setup), but the odds were against it. There
was simply too much strength.

282
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.4
FIGURE 17.4
The SDS Is Helpful in Analyzing the SPY
On the left in Figure 17.4 is the 5 minute Emini and on the right is the 5 minute
SDS, an exchange-traded fund (ETF) that is the inverse of the SPY (an ETF that
is comparable to the Emini) but has twice the leverage. On the Emini chart, there
was a high 2 at bar 5 following a bull trend line break at bar 1 and then a higher
high at bar 3 that tested the old trend high. This was a possible trend reversal. The
downward momentum was strong and the high 1 at bar 4 was weak. It poked above
the small bull micro trend line from the bar 3 high and immediately reversed down,
indicating that the bulls were weak, not strong. It would have been unwise to buy
the high 2 at bar 5 unless it showed exceptional strength, like having a strong bull
reversal signal bar and not having a two-bar bear spike just before it. Also, the signal
bar was too large, forcing a trader to buy high in a weak market, and the signal bar
was a doji bar that was almost entirely within the prior two bars (both were bear
trend bars).
When there are three or more bars with a lot of overlap and one or more is
a doji, it is best to wait for more price action before initiating a trade. The bulls
and the bears are in balance and any breakout will likely fail (like the high 2 buy
signal at bar 5), and you certainly shouldn’t be buying a breakout above its high, in
particular in a bear leg, especially since most trading ranges are with the trend and
the prior leg was down.

Figure 17.4
BAR COUNTING
283
Whenever you are wondering if a signal is strong enough, it is helpful to study
the chart from different perspectives, like using a bar chart or an inverse chart. In
general, just the fact that you feel that you need further study should tell you that it
is not a clear and strong signal and therefore you should not take the trade.
Even if you were tempted to buy the high 2 on the Emini chart, virtually no
one would be looking to sell the bar 5 low 2 on the SDS chart on the right, because
the upward momentum was so strong. Since these charts are essentially just the
inverse of one another, if you would not buy on the SDS, you should not sell on
the Emini.
Note that bar 7 on the Emini was a high 4, which is usually a reliable buy signal.
However, in the absence of any bullish strength in the high 1, 2, or 3, you should
not take the trade. A bar count alone is not sufﬁcient. You need prior strength in
the form of a relatively strong move that broke at least a minor trend line. This is
an example of a high 4 that was formed by a spike down and then a wedge channel
(bars 4, 5, and 7 ended the three pushes down).
Notice that earlier there was a strong bull trend and that low 2 shorts were
bad trades until after the market broke the bull trend line. There was not a strong
downward surge, but the market went sideways for about 10 bars, indicating that
the bears were strong enough to hold the bulls at bay for a protracted period. This
show of strength by the bears was necessary for a trader to feel conﬁdent to short
the ﬁnal ﬂag breakout to the bar 3 new high of the day.
Bar 4 was an acceptable micro trend line short on the Emini chart even though
the day had been a bull trend day. After the ﬁnal ﬂag to the higher high at bar 3,
you needed to consider that the trend might have switched to down. There should
have been at least two bear legs after this type of reversal—both the bulls and bears
would be expecting it. Also, the entry was above the moving average, which is what
you want to see when selling below a low 1 signal bar.
Once the market appeared to be in a bear trend and the momentum down was
good, you could short a high 1, 2, 3, and 4 by placing a limit order at or a few
ticks above the high of the prior bar. Bars 4, 5, and 6 were examples of entry bars
for those shorts, and they were also signal bars for selling more at one tick below
their lows.

284
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.5
FIGURE 17.5
A Failed Low 2 Often Ends Up as a Low 4 Short
In Figure 17.5, bar 2 was a failed low 2, so one or two more legs up were to be
expected. Even though the breakout above bar 2 was not strong, the channel up
was too tight to short the low 3. A low 4 ended the bear rally and another one
ended the sell-off to the low of the day. It does not matter that the bar A high 1
occurred before the low 4 of the prior leg.
Bar 1 was a micro trend line low 1 short that was good for a scalp. However,
the small doji at 8:00 a.m. PST and the doji signal bar for that low 1 short meant that
the market was becoming a possible tight trading range. This made the trade risky
and it was probably better not to take the trade.
Bar B is a good example of a low 1 short on a pullback to the moving average
after a strong move through the moving average. It is also a micro trend line failed
breakout short.

Figure 17.6
BAR COUNTING
285
FIGURE 17.6
Failed Low 4
Two failed low 4 shorts illustrate important observations, as shown in Figure 17.6.
The low 4 that triggered the short entry at bar 3 had a small doji bar for its setup.
When this is the case, always put the stop at two or three ticks above the high
of the signal bar because the market often quickly runs one tick above the signal
bar to run stops just after you enter your short, as it did here. Look at the inset of
the 1 minute chart. The 5 minute signal bar was made up of the ﬁve 1 minute bars
between the dashed lines, and the entry bar was made up of the ﬁve bars between
the solid lines. You can see that the market triggered the short in the second minute
of the entry bar but then ran above the signal bar by one tick in the fourth minute
before selling off down to bar 4.
The second low 4 was triggered by the bar 5 setup. The rally up to bar 4 was
almost all bull trend bars, and it followed the bar 4 lower low that formed after
breaking a major bear trend line. The trend had changed to a bull trend, and you
should no longer have been looking for bear rallies, nor should you have been look-
ing to short low 1s, 2s, 3s, or 4s, which are setups in trading ranges and in bear
trends. This is especially true in the absence of bear strength on the move up from
bar 4, like a break of the bull trend line. In fact, instead of looking for a reversal
to short, you should have been looking for a pullback to buy and you could even
have placed a limit order to buy at or below the low of bar 5. Look what happened

286
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.6
when the low 4 failed on the bar after entry. As expected, everyone ﬁnally accepted
the reality that this was a bull market, and the market shot up nonstop to bar 8,
which was about a measured move of the height of bar 4 to bar 5, the entire low 4
pattern. The breakout created a measuring gap between the high of the breakout
point (the bar 5 high) and the breakout pullback (bar 7). This type of measuring gap
is discussed in Chapter 6 on gaps.
Notice that bar 7 was the ﬁrst of three attempts to reverse back down, and
therefore it was a magnet for any pullback from any additional rally. It was the
start of the bull channel after the two-bar breakout spike above the failed low 4.
The two-legged move down to bar 11 (following the bull trend line break and the
bar 10 lower high) hit below the lows of all three of those earlier bear reversal bars,
as is commonly the case. In the face of such a strong rally, it is hard to believe that
the market could have come back down to those levels, but if you know how to
read price action, you would have been more surprised if it did not, especially after
such a climactic move up. Bar 7 was followed by a tight trading range, but this was
in a strong bull market. Although the tight trading range made bar counting less
reliable, since it was a strong bull market, traders should have been looking to buy
above bull bars, while placing their protective stops below the low of the signal bar.
Incidentally, bar 7 and the two bear reversal bars that followed in the next four
bars constituted three pushes down. When they failed with a breakout made up of
two bull trend bars, there was another measuring gap above the wedge that led to a
measured move up, and the high of the day exceeded it by a couple of ticks (failed
wedges often lead to measured moves).
There was a high 1 buy setup that formed a couple of bars after bar 8, and
although it was in a strong bull spike and in a bull trend, it was after a buy climax
and therefore not a good buy setup. The market was in a parabolic bull channel
after the two-bar bull spike at bar 6.

Figure 17.7
BAR COUNTING
287
FIGURE 17.7
A Low 2 in a Bull Trend Is Not a Short
A low 2 setup is not enough reason to take a countertrend trade in the absence
of a prior strong trend line break. In fact, it will almost always fail and turn into a
great with-trend entry, like a high 2 buy, as happened at bars 4 and 6 in Figure 17.7.
A low 2 is a setup in a trading range or a bear market and never in a bull trend,
and this is a bull trend so traders should not be looking for low 2 setups. Before
shorting a strong bull trend, you ﬁrst need the bears to show that they have already
been willing to be aggressive. You look to short their second attempt at pushing the
market down, not their ﬁrst, since the ﬁrst usually fails. When the bull trend is very
strong, you can even consider buying below the low of the prior bar, expecting any
low 1 or low 2 to fail. For example, you could place a limit order to buy below the
reversal bar that formed before bar 2, or you could buy on bar 5 as it fell below
the low of the prior bar, expecting the low 2 to fail. In general, it is safer to buy on
a stop above the high of the prior bar; but when the bull trend is strong, you can
pretty much buy at any time and for any reason, and buying below the low of the
prior bar is logical since you have to expect most reversal attempts to fail.
By bar 4, the market was in a tight trading range so bar counting was getting
confusing. You should ignore it at this point and, since the bull trend was so strong,
just look to buy on a stop above any bull bar, like the bar after bar 4.

288
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.8
FIGURE 17.8
Failed Low 2
As shown in Figure 17.8, today had a gap down breakout and then a breakout pull-
back to a double top just below the moving average at bar 2, and this was followed
by a new low. At this point, traders did not know whether the two legs down to bar
3 ended a move or there was more to come (the ﬁrst leg was from yesterday’s close
down to bar 1). Although the bar 4 low 2 short reached its scalper’s proﬁt target
and therefore could not technically be a failure, the break below the trend line and
the reversal up made it likely that the market would behave like a failed low 2; it
would have at least two more legs up and then attempt to form a low 4 bear setup.
There were a couple of problems with the low 2 short at bar 4. First, it followed
a trend line break (the rally up to bar 2), which meant that bar 3 could be the
low of the day (a bad place to be shorting) since the high or low of the day usually
develops in the ﬁrst hour or so. Next, the low 2 was too far from the moving average
and therefore not a good moving average test. Normally, second tests of the moving
average are closer to the moving average or penetrate it more than the ﬁrst, and the
ﬁrst test at bar 2 was clearly closer. Many traders won’t feel comfortable entering
with the trend unless the pullback touches or comes within a tick or so of the
moving average. When the reversal begins before this happens, it will be missing
the fuel that those shorts would have provided.
Bar 6 formed a low 4 setup and was the second push above the moving average.
However, this rally had many overlapping bars and several dojis, indicating that the
bulls and the bears were fairly balanced and a big, fast move down was unlikely.

Figure 17.8
BAR COUNTING
289
Therefore, trading at this point might not be worthwhile for traders who prefer
high-probability trades with big proﬁt potential. The solution? Either wait for more
price action, knowing that good setups will always come if you can be patient, or
take the short but be prepared to allow for a pullback, like the one on the bar
after entry.
Bar 9 was the ﬁfth consecutive overlapping bar, and at this point the market
was in a tight trading range. Bar counting in a tight trading range is too uncertain,
and most traders should not be taking trades on that basis until after a breakout.

290
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.9
FIGURE 17.9
A Failed Low 2 Can Evolve into a Low 3 or Low 4
A failed low 2 can lead to either a wedge top (a low 3) or a low 4 top, depending
on the momentum up from the failed low 2. Sometimes it can just turn into a bull
trend. The breakout above the failed low 2 in Figure 17.9 was by two bull trend bars
with large bodies and small tails, and the move up from bar 3 was in a tight channel.
It was also a channel that followed the very strong spike from the open up to bar 1.
Also, the low 2 reversed up after just a single bar. This strong bull momentum made
shorting below the bar 5 ii pattern too risky. It was reasonable to expect this low
2 to fail since it was in the early stages of a bull channel, and channels often have
pullbacks that trap traders in the wrong direction. The strength of the bulls was
good up to this point, as seen by the tightness of the channel, the number of bull
trend bars, and the lack of much overlap between adjacent bars. These are signs of
a solid bull channel, and therefore a low 2 should be expected to fail.
Even though the market did not trade below bar 5 to trigger the low 3, it was
still the third push up from bar 2 so it served the same purpose as a low 3. Since the
momentum on the breakout was strong, two more legs up should be expected. The
bar before bar 6 poked slightly above the trend channel line and had a bear close,
and bar 6 tested the line again. This was a reasonable low 4 short setup for at least
two legs down.

Figure 17.9
BAR COUNTING
291
Later in the day, a high 2 failed but turned up after a high 3 (a form of wedge)
instead of a high 4. The moves up from the high 1 and high 2 each lasted several
bars, indicating some strength by the bulls. Although the breakout below the failed
high 2 was strong, it was an exhaustive sell climax. The increasing size of the bodies
of the bars in the bear spike was a sign of exhaustion, and it occurred at the trend
channel line and in the area of the bar 2 low. Since bar 2 was the start of a bull
channel, it was a magnet that should be expected to be tested, as it was here. After
the test, the market usually rallies to at least about 25 percent of the height of the
developing trading range. Since the three-bar bear spike down to bar 9 represented
strong bearish momentum, there was a possibility of at least one more leg down.
Because of the sell climax, the odds favored at least two legs sideways to up. This
made buying the bar 10 higher low a good probability trade, especially since the
odds favored an attempt at a trading range after the test of the bar 2 bottom of the
bull channel.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Today, as shown in Figure 17.9, opened with a failed breakout, reversing up after the
gap down breakout. There was a strong bull trend bar spike and then a tight channel up
to bar 1; the entire move was likely a bull spike on a higher time frame chart. When the
momentum is strong like this, the odds favor at least a second leg up after a pullback,
and that made it reasonable to look for buy setups once the market pulled back to the
area of the bar 2 start of the bull channel.
This was also a trend from the open bull day, and bar 2 was the setup for the ﬁrst
pullback long. Bar 3 was a breakout pullback buy setup from the breakout of the bull
ﬂag from bar 1 to bar 2.
Traders saw the entire leg down from bar 6 as likely a pullback in a bull trend. The
high 2 was close enough for that bottom but traders were not sure. In any case, they
were looking to buy. Also notice that every new low down from the bar 6 high quickly
reversed. Traders were buying the new lows, so buyers were active all the way down.
Although the move down from the failed high 2 was strong, it was three bear bars of
increasing size and was a small sell climax. A trader could buy above bar 9 and assume
that the bar 9 low would hold (the wedge low), but it was better to wait for a pullback,
which came with the bar 10 higher low. This led to a strong rally into the close as the
bulls from the open resumed their buying.

292
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.10
FIGURE 17.10
High 2 Variant
In Figure 17.10, the bar 16 doji had a large tail on the top, which indicates that the
market moved up and down within that bar. That up move was the end of the ﬁrst
leg down, and therefore bar 17 should act like a high 2, which it did.
Bar 12 was a low 2 short setup below the moving average, but the market was
beginning to form a trading range and therefore this was not a reliable short. In
fact, it made more sense to buy at the bar 12 low, but this is something that only
experienced traders should attempt. Whenever there is a sell signal just below
the moving average and the signal bar is large and mostly overlaps two or more
bars, the market is in a small trading range and shorting at the bottom is usually a
losing strategy.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
The day opened with a large gap down in Figure 17.10 and was therefore a bear breakout.
Although bar 1 was a bear trend bar, it could still be the ﬁrst bar of a trend from the open
bull trend day, although this is less likely than if it had been a bull trend bar. Traders
bought above the high of bar 1 for the failed breakout rally. The rally went for only
two bars and then the bears shorted below the second bull bar and below the two-bar
reversal (the low of that bear entry bar) for the breakout pullback short and a possible

Figure 17.10
BAR COUNTING
293
trend from the open bear day. A large gap down has an increased chance of being a bear
trend day, and traders should try to take all reasonable short setups for a swing down.
Bar 4 was the third push down on the day, but it was the third bar of a bear spike
and therefore not a reliable signal bar for a long. Traders should wait for a breakout and
then a pullback before going long. The next bar was a bull trend bar that traded above
bar 4 and formed a two-bar reversal, but the market did not trade above the top of the
two bars; it instead broke out to the downside. The three bear bars before bar 2 had
enough momentum so that many traders would restart the count and would consider
bar 2 to be the ﬁrst push down.
When bar 4 formed, some traders saw it as the third push down whereas others saw
it as only the second, and no one knew which group of traders would be correct. When
in doubt, stay out and wait for a second signal.
Bar 5 was a bull reversal bar and the second bar of a two-bar reversal; it was also
the third push down in the channel that began with the bar 2 bear spike. The spike is
often the ﬁrst push, as it was here. At this point, the spike and channel bulls bought,
expecting two pushes up, and the wedge traders who reset the count with the bar 2 spike
also bought this third push down. The traders who wondered if bar 4 was the third push
were looking for a breakout pullback and saw bar 5 as a lower low breakout pullback.
All traders at this point believed that all of these factors were at play and the odds were
good for a two-legged rally.
Bar 5 was followed by a four-bar bull spike up to the moving average, and this might
have been the end of the ﬁrst leg up.
Bar 6 was a setup for a low 2 short but since a second leg up was likely, it was better
not to take a short scalp and instead look for a lower high long setup or a breakout of
this bull ﬂag. Bar 6 and two bars before it were bear bars forming two small legs down;
they therefore set up a high 2 buy above the high of bar 6.
Bar 8 was a small doji, but it might have been a setup for a ﬁnal ﬂag short for a
failed breakout of that four-bar bull ﬂag that ended with bar 6. However, the move up
to bar 8 from bar 5 was in a fairly tight bull channel, and therefore it was unclear if bar
8 was the second leg up. When in doubt, wait for a second signal. The bar after bar 8
was a bear trend bar, which was a good entry bar for the bears who shorted, but they
would buy back their shorts above the bear trend bar. Many traders went long above bar
6 since there were trapped bears and this was also now a failed low 2, where bar 6 was
the ﬁrst push down.
Bar 9 was a bear reversal bar, a second-signal moving average gap bar where bar
8 was the ﬁrst setup, and the top of a bear wedge. The top of the spike up from bar 5
was the ﬁrst push up, and bar 8 was the second. A wedge reversal usually has at least
two legs down, and it did here. The ﬁrst ended at bar 11 and the second at bar 17. The
bulls who were looking for two legs up from the wedge bottom at bar 5 were satisﬁed
that the spike up from bar 5 was the ﬁrst leg up and the channel up from the bottom of
bar 6 was the second leg up.

294
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.10
The three bars after bar 10 tried to form a double bottom with the bar 7 bottom of
the bull channel but failed.
Bar 10 was a bear spike, and it was followed by a climax channel down to bar 11.
Bar 11 was a doji bar but it followed a sharp move down from bar 9, and the market
was likely to go sideways before reversing up because of that bear momentum.
Bar 12 was a low 2 short, but it was a large signal bar and there was a lot of overlap
with the three prior bars; therefore this was likely to be a bear trap and not a good short
setup. The failed low 2 led to a six-bar bull spike up to bar 14, but there was a lot of
overlap between adjacent bars, and the move up was in a very tight channel. Even though
the channel sloped up, its tightness increased the chances that any downside breakout
would not go very far and the market would get pulled back up into the area of the
channel. This was therefore a possible ﬁnal ﬂag, and that could lead to a bull reversal.
The market spiked down to bar 17, and bar 17 was a large bear trend bar and
therefore a sell climax.
The bull inside bar that followed was a good setup for at least a two-legged rally
based on the ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, the third push down on the day (this created a large
wedge bull ﬂag with bar 5 and bar 11), and the second lower low attempt to reverse up
from breaking below the bar 5 low of the open.
Bar 17 was also a shrinking stair since it fell below bar 11 by two ticks and bar 11
fell below bar 5 by six ticks. This is a sign that the bear trend was losing momentum.
Bar 19 was a low 2 setup, but the upward momentum was too strong and the signal
bar too weak to take a short. The entry bar was a strong bear trend bar, but the market
immediately reversed up. Alert traders would have expected the low 2 to fail, and they
went long above this bear entry bar.
Bar 20 was the third push up from the bar 17 low and a strong bear trend bar but
the short never triggered. The market had one more push up to bar 21, and the reversal
down was seen by some traders as a low 4, and by other traders as a wedge top with bar
18 being the ﬁrst push and bar 19 being the second. Other traders saw it as a large low
2 where bar 14 was the ﬁrst push up.

Figure 17.11
BAR COUNTING
295
FIGURE 17.11
High 2 Variant
In Figure 17.11, bars 3 and 4 created a two-legged correction in a bull swing, even
though the bar after bar 3 was the end of the up leg. Because it was a two-legged
correction, bar 4 is a high 2 long signal bar.
Bar 7 was a bear trend bar so it was not a reliable high 1 signal bar, but bar 8
formed a two-bar reversal with it and the chances of a successful trade were greater
if you bought above the bar 8 bull trend bar than if you bought above the bar 7 bear
trend bar. Although some traders saw bar 7 as a low 2 entry after the bar 3 ﬁrst
leg up, the move up was so strong that this may have been a bull trend; therefore,
shorting a low 2 was a low-probability trade.
Bar 8 was a failed low 2 buy setup and a high 1 long.
Some traders would have shorted below bar 9, but the bull channel was too
steep and the signal bar too weak to be taking shorts at this point.
Bar 10 was a high 2 long (bar 8 was the high 1) because it followed two attempts
to sell off at the high of the day (bars 7 and 10). A sequence of two attempts down
is the same as a two-legged correction, so it was a high 2 long setup. It was also a
failed low 2 buy setup and there were likely trapped bears who bought back their
shorts above bar 10. Also, some of the shorts from the bar 8 signal would have
allowed one push up, but almost all would have covered on a second push up. That
is one of the reasons that high 2 buy setups are so reliable in bull trends.

296
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.11
Some traders saw bar 12 as a high 1 buy setup whereas others saw it as a high
2 buy setup where the doji bar before it signiﬁed the end of the ﬁrst small push
down. Since the move up to bar 11 was a wedge channel, it was likely to have a
two-legged sideways to down correction, so buying here was not a high-probability
trade. Bar 12 broke the bull trend line and could have been followed by a lower high
or a higher high; in either case, bears would likely have looked to short the rally for
at least a scalp down.
All of this analysis is loose, but its objective is important. Traders need to look
for two-legged pullbacks because they set up excellent with-trend entries. Also, do
not look for a low 2 short setup in a bull trend.

Figure 17.12
BAR COUNTING
297
FIGURE 17.12
Low 2 Variants
The chart of the SPY presented in Figure 17.12 demonstrates lots of variations in
low 2 setups, but if you think about each one, each was the logical end of a two-
legged bear correction. Since the chart is clearly bearish (below the falling expo-
nential moving average), traders were looking for opportunities to enter shorts, so
anything that resembled a low 2 was good enough.
Bar 3 was a low 1 and its high was taken out by bar 4, making bar 4 a second
attempt up and a setup for the low 2 short that triggered on the next bar.
Bar 6 was a low 1 setup, and two bars later there was a bull trend bar, indicating
an up leg. Bar 7 was the signal bar for the short on the following bar, even though
it was a lower entry than the low 1. It was still a two-legged correction.
Bar 8 was a small bear inside bar in an upward correction, and it therefore
constituted a tiny correction, ending the ﬁrst leg up. Bar 9 followed another bull
trend bar (actually two), so it was the second attempt down and effectively a low 2
short near the moving average.
Bar 11 was lower than bar 10, so it was the start of the move up to bar 12. Why
was the bar after the bar 12 top a low 2? The low of the bar 12 bull outside bar

298
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.12
dipped below the prior bar just after bar 12 opened, although you cannot tell from
this chart, but you can tell for certain by looking at a 1 minute chart (not shown).
This made bar 12 a low 1. An outside bar breaks out of both sides of its prior bar;
you do not know which side it broke through ﬁrst, although the direction of its
body is usually reliable (for example, a bull body usually indicates that the upside
breakout occurred second, since its direction is up into its close). The bar after bar
12 broke below bar 12, so it was the second time in this leg up from bar 11 that a bar
broke below the low of the prior bar and was therefore a low 2 short at the moving
average. Bar 12 was also a low 2 short setup because bar 9 was a ﬁrst move up and
bar 12 was a second move up.
Bar 13 was a low 1 short entry bar (and a low 2 where the bear bar three bars
earlier was the low 1), but after two strong bull trend bars, this was too risky to
take since more of an upward correction was likely.
Once there was a second leg up (bar 14 had a higher high, so it was clearly a
small second leg), any bar that had a low below the prior bar was a low 2 short.
Bar 15 turned into a low 2 short signal bar even though it was a small swing high
that was below the high of the two legs up (it was a lower high in what should
be expected to be at least two legs down). Also, as discussed in the next chapter,
bar 15 was also a wedge bear ﬂag entry based on three pushes up where bar 14
was the third push up and the two bull trend bars before bar 13 were the ﬁrst two
pushes up.
Bar 17 was a low 2 setup but it followed two bull reversal bars with large tails
so traders were beginning to buy in this area. This made shorting here risky, and it
was likely that there would be more buyers below the bar than sellers. The more
certain you are that the market is in a tight trading range, the less certain you will
be about your bar counting. In general, it is better not to take trades based on bar
counts in tight trading ranges unless you are very conﬁdent with your count, which
means that you believe that the count is clear enough to warrant a trade.
Bar 18 was a double bottom with bar 16 and a high 2 based on the two small
pushes down from bar 17.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
As shown in Figure 17.12, the day had a large gap down and was therefore a bear break-
out. The ﬁrst bar was a bear trend bar and a possible high of the day; consequently, it
was an acceptable short setup. However, the market reversed up into a failed breakout
long setup on the next bar, and the day could have become a trend from the open bull
trend day. The large gap down still favored the bears unless the bulls clearly took control
of the market with a strong bull spike and follow-through.
Once the market traded below bar 2, the market then had both a spike down and a
spike up after the ﬁrst bar of the day, and the day’s range was less than a third of the

Figure 17.12
BAR COUNTING
299
recent average daily range. This put the opening range in breakout mode for a possible
trend day, and traders placed buy stops above the high of the day to go long on the upside
breakout, and sell stops to go short below the bar 1 low spike for a downside breakout.
The large bear trend bar that broke below bar 1 shows how aggressively the traders
shorted. The sell-oﬀwas probably attributed to a 7:00 a.m. PST report. However, it is
more likely that the institutions were already planning to short today and very unlikely
that they were ﬂooded with phone calls from their large clients who heard the bearish
report and now suddenly decided to sell. The institutions were already looking to short
but were hoping for a rally on the report so that they could short higher. The report
convinced them that they were not going to get that rally so they had to short after the
report, and they continued to short all day long.
Bar 18 was the end of a bear trend bar breakout of a tight trading range and likely
to reverse up because of the magnetic pull of tight trading ranges, which often become
ﬁnal ﬂags.
Bar 19 was the ﬁrst moving average gap bar in a bear trend and therefore a good
short. It is a good example of a bear trap that often occurs in the ﬁnal hour or two of a
bear trend day. It was at the top of a strong bull spike that broke above the bar 17 swing
high and trapped bulls in and bears out. All bull spikes are climaxes and breakouts, and
they sometimes fail and lead to reversals down instead of reversals up. At the time the
spike was forming, emotional traders who were afraid that they were missing a major
reversal bought as that second bull trend bar formed, as it broke above the bar 17 lower
high, and as the bar closed on its high. Strong bears were simply stepping aside and
letting the bulls go. These bears knew that the odds were high that there would be an
attempted bull reversal before the day was over, and they waited for a strong bull trend
bar to form. Once they saw it, they believed that the market would not hold up there very
long, so they aggressively shorted. Since both they and the bulls knew that the bears
controlled the day, the bears were conﬁdent of being able to again drive the market to
a new low of the day. The bulls scalped out of their longs because they did not believe
that the reversal up had enough of the ingredients of a strong bull reversal. There was
no prior strong break of the bear trend line, and the market was unable to hold above
the moving average at any point in the day.

300
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 17.13
FIGURE 17.13
A Spike and Channel Is a Two-Legged Move
When there is a spike and channel pullback, the spike can be thought of as the ﬁrst
leg up and the channel as the second. In Figure 17.13, the gap opening up to bar 2
was the spike, which was the ﬁrst of three pushes up. Bull channels often have two
more pushes up before correcting, and the entire pattern formed a wedge top in
this chart. Most patterns have multiple interpretations, and some traders base their
trades on one whereas other traders rely more on another. The move up to bar 4
was seen by some traders as a wedge top and by others as a two-legged correction
where the gap spike up to bar 2 was the ﬁrst leg and the two-legged channel up to
bar 4 was the second leg.

C H A P T E R 1 8
Wedge and Other
Three-Push
Pullbacks
W
hen a pullback forms in a bull trend, it is a bull ﬂag, and when it occurs in
a bear trend, it is a bear ﬂag. It is often contained between a converging
trend line and trend channel line. When this is the case and it is horizontal,
it is a triangle, which can break out in either direction. However, when it is falling
in a bull trend or rising in a bear trend, it is called a wedge, and, like all pullbacks,
it will usually break out in the direction of the trend. Like other types of triangles, it
has at least ﬁve legs, but unlike a typical triangle, the second leg often exceeds the
prior swing point. It can be just a simple three-push wedge pattern or a channel after
a spike. It can also assume an irregular shape that looks nothing like a wedge but
has three countertrend pushes, which is all that is needed to qualify as a triangle,
or, if it is sloping, a wedge type of triangle, or simply a wedge.
A wedge pullback is a with-trend setup, and traders can enter on the ﬁrst signal,
as soon as the market reverses back into the direction of the trend. Wedges can
also be reliable reversal patterns, but unlike a wedge pullback, a wedge reversal is
a countertrend setup and it is therefore usually better to wait for a second entry.
For example, unless a wedge top is extremely strong, traders should wait for the
bear breakout and then assess its strength. If it is strong, they can then look to see
if there is a breakout pullback short setup, which they can short. The pullback can
come as either a higher high or a lower high. If the breakout is weak, traders should
expect it to fail and then look for a buy setup, so they can enter on the failed bear
breakout for a resumption of the bull trend.
If a wedge reversal forms in a bull trend, the wedge is pointed up, unlike a
wedge pullback in a bull trend, which is pointed down. A wedge bottom in a bear
trend is pointed down, unlike a wedge bear ﬂag, which is pointed up. Also, wedge
301

302
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
ﬂags are usually smaller patterns and most last about 10 to 20 bars. Since they
are with-trend setups, they don’t have to be perfect, and many are subtle and look
nothing like a wedge or any other type of triangle, but have three pullbacks. A
reversal usually needs to be at least 20 bars long and have a clear trend channel
line to be strong enough to reverse a trend.
Wedges can also form in trading ranges, and when they do they usually share
characteristics of wedge ﬂags and wedge reversals. If the wedge is strong and there
is clear two-sided trading, entering on the ﬁrst signal is usually proﬁtable. However,
whenever you have any reasonable doubt, wait for a second signal. Wedge reversals
are discussed in detail in the chapter on trend reversals in book 3.
When a wedge occurs as a pullback in a trend and the trend then resumes,
its breakout reverses the countertrend action back into the direction of the trend.
Remember, a wedge is usually the end of a trend, and a pullback is a small trend
(but it is in the opposite direction of the larger trend), so it makes sense to view a
wedge pullback as similar to a wedge reversal. In general, if a wedge is sloping up
and to the right, whether it is a pullback in a bear trend or a top in a bull trend, it
can be thought of as a bear ﬂag even if there was no prior bear trend, since it will
usually break out to the downside. This is because the behavior of its breakout and
the follow-through after the breakout are indistinguishable from those of bear ﬂags
in strong bear trends. If it is sloping down and to the right, it can be thought of as
a bull ﬂag whether it is an actual bull ﬂag or at the bottom of a bear trend, and it
usually results in an upside breakout. As is discussed later, a low 3 is functionally
the same as a wedge top and in fact often is an actual wedge, and a high 3 should
be traded like a wedge bottom.
A strong trend sometimes has a three-legged pullback midday that lasts a cou-
ple of hours and lacks much momentum. Sometimes it is a spike and channel pat-
tern, which is a common type of wedge pullback. The channel often has parallel
lines instead of a wedge shape, but it still is a reliable with-trend setup. It does not
matter whether you call it a pullback, trading range, triangle, ﬂag, pennant, wedge,
or anything else because the exact shape is irrelevant and all of these pullback vari-
ations have the same signiﬁcance. What is important is that the third swing traps
countertrend traders into a bad trade because they mistakenly assumed that the
third leg was the start of a new trend. This is because most pullbacks end with two
legs and whenever there is a third leg, traders wonder if the trend has reversed.

Figure 18.1
WEDGE AND OTHER THREE-PUSH PULLBACKS
303
FIGURE 18.1
Wedge Bear Flag and Expanding Triangle
A strong trend is often followed by a three-swing pullback that typically has low
momentum. In Figure 18.1, bars 4, 6, and 8 are the tops of the three pullbacks after
the bar 3 new low, and each was a bull trending swing (higher lows and highs).
Since there were many bars that overlapped the prior bars, many bars with tails,
and many bear trend bars, the upward momentum was weak. This will make traders
short each new high.
There was also an expanding triangle (bars 1, 2, 3, 8, and 9). The long entry
setup was the inside bar after bar 9, but this was the ﬁnal bar of the day. However,
the next day gapped up above the signal bar (don’t buy on the gap up; take an
entry only if the entry bar opens below the high of the signal bar and then trades
through your buy stop), so there was no entry until the bar 10 breakout pullback the
next day.

304
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 18.2
FIGURE 18.2
Wedge Bear Flag
As shown in Figure 18.2, bars 9, 15, and 22 formed a large bear ﬂag and formed the
middle leg of a three-swing sequence in the 5 minute QQQQ, which unfolded over
three days (a bear trend, followed by a three-push rally, and then a test of the bear
trend’s low). Even though the upward momentum was good, it was actually minor
compared to the size of the prior bear trend, whose low almost certainly would be
tested. The test of the low occurred on the open of the third day. The wedge up
to bar 22 was just a large bear ﬂag and it could easily be seen as such on a 15 or
60 minute chart.
The wedge reversal attempt at bar 4 was too small to lead to a major reversal,
and traders could have only scalped it and only after a higher low. However, the
bar 6 higher low occurred too late in the day to trade.
As the market entered the large trading range, there were many wedge pull-
backs that led to tradable scalps. Since the market was in a trading range, traders
could enter on the reversal and they would not have to wait for a second signal.
However, when a wedge is steep, it is usually better to wait. For example, the bars
11, 13, and 15 wedge was in a fairly tight bull channel and some traders might have
preferred to wait to short below the bar 17 high for the expected second leg down.
Bars 14, 16, and 18 formed a wedge bull ﬂag after the strong rally to bar 15, and
traders could have bought above bar 18. However, since it was the seventh down
bar in a row, other traders would have preferred to wait to buy above the bar 20
higher low.

Figure 18.3
WEDGE AND OTHER THREE-PUSH PULLBACKS
305
FIGURE 18.3
Gap Up and Wedge Bull Flag
As shown in Figure 18.3, the large gap up in Apple (AAPL) was effectively a steep
bull leg (a bull spike). This was followed by three pullbacks, the third of which was
a failure swing (it failed to go below the prior low). It can be called a wedge for
simplicity’s sake, although it does not have a good wedge shape. The gap up was
the spike, and the sideways move to bar 3 was the pullback that led to the bull
channel. This is a variant of a trend resumption day where here the ﬁrst bull leg
was the gap opening.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
As shown in Figure 18.3, traders should swing part or all of their longs from the bar 3
entry, expecting approximately a measured move up equal to about the height of the
gap spike (the low of the last bar of yesterday to the high of the ﬁrst bar of today).
The measured move could also be a leg 1 = leg 2 type, with bar 3 being the bottom of
the second leg up.

306
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 18.4
FIGURE 18.4
Wedge Bear Flag
In Figure 18.4, Lehman Brothers Holdings (LEH) had a large reversal day at bar 1,
which was on huge volume and was widely reported as strong support and a
long-term bottom.
Bar 8 was the end of a wedge pullback (bars 4, 6 or 7, and 8) and of a small
three-push pattern (bars 6, 7, and 8). It was also a double top bear ﬂag with bar 2
(bar 8 was 24 cents higher, but close enough on a daily chart).
Bar 1 was a sell climax, which is a spike down followed by a spike up. The
market often then goes sideways as the bulls continue to buy and attempt to gen-
erate a bull channel, and the bears continue to sell as they try to create a bear
channel. Here, the bears won and the bulls had to sell out of their longs, adding to
the selling pressure. The stock soon traded below the huge bar 1 reversal bar, and
LEH, the third largest investment bank in the country, went out of business within a
few months.
Bar 1 is an example of a one-bar island bottom, where there was an exhaustion
gap before it and a breakout gap after it.

Figure 18.5
WEDGE AND OTHER THREE-PUSH PULLBACKS
307
FIGURE 18.5
Higher High Breakout Pullback from Wedge Bear Flag
As shown in Figure 18.5, there was a two-legged correction up to bar 6 and the ﬁrst
leg ended at bar 5. Bar 5 was a wedge, but, as is often the case, it is effectively
two legs, with the second one being made of two smaller legs (bars 4 and 5). The
move to bar 1 was a small spike and then bars 2, 4, and 5 were three pushes up in
a channel. The sell-off from bar 5 was a breakout below the bull channel, and the
pullback from that breakout was the higher high at bar 6.
There was a second three-legged correction up from bar 7. It doesn’t matter
if you see this as a triangle or as two legs, one from bars 7 to 8 and the other
from bars 9 to 11 with the second leg being made of two smaller legs. Three-legged
corrections are common in trends, and sometimes they are really just two legs with
the second leg having two smaller legs. When it gets this hard to think about it, stop
thinking about anything other than the trend and the market’s inability to get much
above the moving average. Look for short entries and don’t worry too much about
counting legs if those thoughts are giving you an excuse to avoid placing orders.

308
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 18.6
FIGURE 18.6
Spike and Channel as Wedge Bull Flag
Sometimes a pullback can be a small spike and channel pattern, creating a wedge
bull ﬂag (see Figure 18.6). Here, there was a bull move up and then a small spike
down to bar 1, which was the ﬁrst push of the spike down, and it was followed by
two more pushes down. Channels after spikes often end with three pushes, and this
one became a wedge bull ﬂag and a higher low on the day. There was a second push
up from bar 3, and it was about the same size as the rally off the low of the open
(a leg 1 = leg 2 measured move).
Do not be too eager to buy the high 2 after the second leg down when both the
ﬁrst and second pushes down have strong momentum. A strong ﬁrst spike down
often means that you should allow for a possible wedge correction. Wait for a pull-
back from the breakout above the high 2 signal bar (here, the two-bar reversal at
bar 2). That second-entry setup can be a higher low or, as it was here, a lower low,
which formed a wedge bull ﬂag.
As with all spike and channel patterns, the minimum target is the start of the
channel, which was the high following bar 1, and there was enough room for at
least a long scalp. The market exceeded the minimum target and tested the high of
the opening rally where it formed a large double top bear ﬂag, which led to a bear
trend into the close.

Figure 18.7
WEDGE AND OTHER THREE-PUSH PULLBACKS
309
FIGURE 18.7
Wedge Flags
Three-push pullbacks often set up reliable with-trend entries (see Figure 18.7).
Bar 1 was a low 2, and it became the ﬁrst of three pushes up in a bear rally.
It does not matter that bar 2 was below the low of the bar that led to the bar 1
push up, and in fact this is a common occurrence when a ﬁnal ﬂag evolves into a
larger pattern. Here, that larger pattern was a three-push-up bear rally that ended
in a ﬁrst moving average gap bar at bar 5. It was also a small spike and channel
bull trend where the move to bar 3 was the spike and the rally from bar 4 to bar 5
was the channel. A small spike and channel is often a two-legged rally, and since it
followed the bar 1 push up, those two legs were the second and third legs of a wedge
bear ﬂag.
The gap down on the open was a bear spike, and the move down to bar 2 was
the channel. Bar 5 tested the top of the channel and formed a double top with it.
Bars 7 to 9 formed a three-push pullback that was a slightly rising tight channel
that stalled at the moving average. In general, only very experienced traders should
consider placing trades in tight trading ranges because they are difﬁcult to interpret
and that lowers the odds of any successful trade.
Bar 9 formed a double top bear ﬂag with the fourth bar before bar 6, which was
the start of a bear channel after a bear spike.

310
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 18.8
FIGURE 18.8
Three-Push Patterns
There are several wedge pullbacks in the 5 minute Emini chart presented in
Figure 18.8. The three pushes down on bars 2, 4, and 10 created a typical wedge
reversal pattern, but since it was a large correction in a bull trend that topped out
at bar 1, it was a wedge pullback. The pullback lasted long enough to constitute a
small bear trend, but that bear trend was just a pullback in a larger bull trend.
Bars 5, 7, and 9 were three pushes up in a channel and formed a correction of
the brief strong move down from bar 3 to bar 4. You can use the extremes of the
bars or the tops or bottoms of the bodies to draw the lines. Since the shapes of
wedge pullbacks are so often irregular, inexact trend lines and trend channel lines
are the rule and not the exception.
Bars 12, 14, and 16 formed three pushes down in a sideways correction in the
rally up from bar 10. Triangles are a form of three-push pattern. Note that the high
of bar 13 exceeded the bar 11 high. The rally after the ﬁrst push down often exceeds
the swing high that just preceded it.
Once bar 9 became a bear reversal bar, you could have drawn a best ﬁt trend
channel line with the bar 5 high, and it does not matter that the bar 7 high was
above the line. Similarly, once the market formed the bull inside bar after bar 10
and set up the wedge bottom buy, you could have connected the bottoms of bars 2
and 10 to highlight the wedge, and it is irrelevant that the bar 4 second push down
was below the line.

Figure 18.9
WEDGE AND OTHER THREE-PUSH PULLBACKS
311
FIGURE 18.9
Failed Wedge Bull Flag
In Figure 18.9, the 5 minute Emini tried to form a wedge bull ﬂag but failed. Bars 5,
7, and 9 were three pushes down, setting up a wedge bull ﬂag long, but there was no
reliable signal bar to go long around bar 9. This would have created a double bottom
with the pullback after bar 3. Instead of forming a strong bull reversal setup, the
market entered a small, tight trading range. The bar 11 downside breakout signaled
the failure of the wedge bottom and set up the possibility of about a measured move
down. Bar 11 became the spike for a protracted bear channel into the close.


C H A P T E R 1 9
Dueling Lines:
Wedge Pullback
to the Trend Line
W
hen a pullback is contained by a trend channel line and it ends at a higher
time frame support or resistance line, this is a dueling lines pattern, and
it often results in a reliable trade in the direction of the larger trend. It is
a short-term trend (a pullback) ending at the long-term trend’s support (in a bull
trend) or resistance (in a bear trend). All pullbacks end in dueling lines patterns,
although the support or resistance line is not always obvious. Any type of support
or resistance can be the area where strong hands will come in and put an end to the
pullback. Whenever traders see a pullback approaching a trend line, a trend chan-
nel line, a moving average, a prior swing low or high, or any other key price level,
they should be alert for a setup that will lead to the end of the pullback and the
resumption of the trend. When they see the setup, they are in a position to make a
great trade. Remember, trading is becoming increasingly controlled by mathemat-
ics, and pullbacks end for a reason. A pullback in a bull trend always ends at a
support level, and a pullback in a bear trend always ends at a resistance level, and
therefore all pullbacks are dueling lines patterns. However, I reserve the term for
those pullbacks where the support or resistance is seen by the trader, so that he
can anticipate the possible trend resumption and place a trade. The most reliable
form is when the pullback is in a channel and it has a wedge shape or three pushes,
and the signal bar for the end of the pullback is a bar that pokes through the trend
line and reverses. For example, if there is a bull trend and it is having a wedge bull
ﬂag pullback that is ending at the bull trend line, the trend channel line below the
wedge bull ﬂag is falling and it is intersecting the rising bull trend line exactly as
the pullback is setting up a buy signal. The support line could be a horizontal line,
like across a prior swing low, and this could set up a double bottom buy signal as
313

314
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
the wedge is ending. The support could also come in the form of the moving av-
erage. When this happens, look to enter in the direction of the trend if there is an
adequate setup.
As another example, look at a bear channel to see if there is a leg up within
the channel. If so, look to see if that leg has three pushes. If the small bear rally is
testing the bear trend line as it is also testing the trend channel line drawn across its
highs, the odds are good that the leg up will end and the market will reverse down
to test the lower end of the channel. If the market does turn down at this point, it is
doing so because of the simultaneous testing of two resistance lines, even though
one is rising and the other is falling, and having two types of resistance affecting
the market at the same time increases the chance of a proﬁtable trade.

Figure 19.1
DUELING LINES: WEDGE PULLBACK TO THE TREND LINE
315
FIGURE 19.1
Dueling Lines Pullback
All pullbacks end in dueling lines patterns, even if the long-term support is not
readily seen. A pullback is a small trend in the opposite direction from the larger
trend. All pullbacks always end for a reason, and a bull pullback always ends at
some longer-term support, like a trend line, a measured move, or a prior swing high
or low. In Figure 19.1, a bear trend channel line drawn between bars 3 and 5 created
support for bar 6. All swing points should be considered when drawing trend lines
and trend channel lines, even those from a prior trend. Bar 3 was a swing low in
a bull trend, and bar 5 was a swing low in the correction of a possible new bear
trend. The move down to bar 6 became just a large two-legged correction in the
bull market. There were dueling lines at bar 6 (a bull trend line and a bear trend
channel line of opposite slopes) and the market reversed up at the intersection,
as is common. Since the move down to bar 6 was steep, it was reasonable to wait
for the second entry at the bar 7 higher low, buying on a stop at one tick over
its high.
A bear trend channel line could also have been based on a trend line drawn
across the two swing highs that followed the bar 4 high, and then anchored to
bar 5. The goal is to look at the overall shape and then choose any trend channel

316
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 19.1
line that contains the price action. Then, watch how the market reacts after pene-
trating the line.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Bar 6 was a wedge bull ﬂag in Figure 19.1. There was also a double top bear ﬂag before
the move down to bar 6, and a double top bear ﬂag after a bull top can be thought of as
a lower high that has two peaks.

Figure 19.2
DUELING LINES: WEDGE PULLBACK TO THE TREND LINE
317
FIGURE 19.2
Dueling Lines
As shown in Figure 19.2, bar 5 tested the bear trend line and as it did there was
an overshoot of a smaller bull trend channel line (from bar 3 to bar 4), resulting in
a short scalp off the dueling lines pattern. There was a second entry at the bar 6
nominal higher high. Since the move up to bar 5 was so strong, it is not surprising
that after the market broke below the steep bull channel and tested the moving
average, it had a breakout pullback to the higher high at bar 6. The channel is not
shown, but it is the one that followed the bull spike up to bar 3.

318
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 19.3
FIGURE 19.3
Dueling Lines Variant
Figure 19.3 is a variant of dueling lines where the long-term support came in the
form of a horizontal line at a prior swing low and the result was a double bottom.
This led to a reversal up from the new low of the day on this trading range day.
The sell-off on the open was a bear spike, and the move from bar 4 to bar 6 was
a channel.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
The market broke out above a swing high in Figure 19.3, but the ﬁrst bar of today was
a bear trend bar and set up a failed breakout short. This was also an expanding triangle
top, using either yesterday’s 11:05 or 11:55 a.m. PST bar for the ﬁrst push up. There was
a spike up to bar 4, followed by a lower low pullback to bar 5, which formed a double
bottom bull ﬂag with bar 1. This led to a three-hour rally (the channel up from bar 5
after the bar 4 bull spike) and then a sell-oﬀinto the close. Even though it was a trading
range day, it appears as a bear trend day on the daily chart because it opened near the
high and closed near the low.

C H A P T E R 2 0
“Reversal” Patterns:
Double Tops and Bottoms
and Head and Shoulders
Tops and Bottoms
S
ince trends are constantly creating reversal patterns and they all fail except
the ﬁnal one, it is misleading to think of these commonly discussed patterns
as reversal patterns. It is far more accurate to think of them as continuation
patterns that rarely fail but, when they do, the failure can lead to a reversal. It
is a mistake to see every top or bottom as a great reversal setup, because if you
take all of those countertrend entries, the majority of your trades will be losers
and your occasional wins will not be enough to offset your losses. However, if you
are selective and look for other evidence that a trend might reverse, these can be
effective setups.
All head and shoulders tops and bottoms are really head and shoulders contin-
uation patterns (ﬂags) because they are trading ranges and, like all trading ranges,
they are much more likely to break out in the direction of the trend and only rarely
reverse the trend. The same is true for double tops and bottoms. For example, if
there is a head and shoulders top in a bull market, a breakout below the neck-
line will usually fail and the market will most likely then reverse up and have a
with-trend breakout to the upside, above the right shoulder. The pattern becomes
a triangle if it is mostly horizontal or a wedge bull ﬂag if it is slightly sloping down.
The three pushes down are the down legs after the left shoulder, the head, and the
right shoulder. The right shoulder is an attempt to form a lower high after the move
down from the head breaks the bull trend line. Since the move down from the head
usually breaks below the bull trend line, the right shoulder becomes a lower high
breakout pullback. Also, if there is a bear market that is forming a trading range
and that trading range assumes the shape of a head and shoulders top, a break
319

320
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
below the neckline is a with-trend breakout of a bear ﬂag and is likely to lead to
lower prices.
Similarly, head and shoulders bottoms also are with-trend setups. A head and
shoulders bottom in a bear trend is usually a triangle or a wedge bear ﬂag and
should break out to the downside, below the right shoulder. A head and shoulders
bottom in a bull market is a bull ﬂag and should break out to the upside, above
the neckline.

Figure 20.1
“REVERSAL” PATTERNS
321
FIGURE 20.1
Monthly S&P Cash Index in a 12-Year Trading Range
There was a large double top in the monthly Standard & Poor’s (S&P) cash index as
shown in Figure 20.1. In the summer of 2007 when the market tested the 2000 high,
all of those traders who had bought in the area of bar 1 wanted their money back.
They had ridden through devastating losses down to bar 2. However, by bar 3 they
had recovered those losses and did not want to risk another sell-off. They exited
their positions and did not want to buy again until after a signiﬁcant pullback. With
a large block of buyers out of the market, short sellers took control and drove the
market down. As so often happens, when traders want to buy a pullback, the pull-
back is so deep and violent that they change their minds, and this absence of buy-
ing sometimes causes the selling to accelerate. The cause is obviously much more
complicated than this because there are countless participants acting for countless
reasons, but this is a component.
The market often ﬁnds support in the area of the previous low. Here, the shorts
who sold in the area of bar 2 were now back to around breakeven, and their exit
led to a bounce. At this point the market was in a trading range, which could last a
short or long time. Once a breakout arrived, it could be up or down. The standard
entry of a double top is on a sell stop just below the low of the dip between the
two tops. However, that is rarely successful because 80 percent of breakouts fail.
That dip was bar 2 and the breakout below its low came six years later and failed.

322
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 20.1
With the rally from bar 5, it was clear that the double top was leading to a trading
range and not a bear breakout. Very few traders who saw this as a large double top
waited to short below bar 2. Most would have shorted around bar 3 or around the
bar 4 lower high and low 2 that formed seven months later.
Over the next few years, the market could test down to around bar 5 after a
double top pullback short setup, or even a head and shoulders top where the left
shoulder is only slightly below the head. Since most tops fail, it is likely that it
would then be followed by a rally, and the entire pattern would be a large wedge
bull ﬂag. This would then be followed by a breakout of the top of the pattern and
an approximate measured move up over the next decade or two.
Incidentally, there were a couple of successful small double tops. The lower
high that followed the bar 1 wedge formed a double top with bar 1. Also, the second
push up to the bar 3 wedge was a double top with bar 3, even though it was a little
lower than the bar 3 high.

Figure 20.2
“REVERSAL” PATTERNS
323
FIGURE 20.2
Most Head and Shoulders Tops Are Bull Flags
There were multiple head and shoulders tops on the Goldman Sachs (GS) daily
chart shown in Figure 20.2. Head and shoulders formations have likely cost more
beginning traders money than just about any other pattern, and this is probably
due to so many pundits calling them reversal patterns when they are almost always
continuation patterns. Head and shoulders tops are really triangles or wedge bull
ﬂags and are reliable buy setups. They are wedges because they have three pushes
down, one after the left shoulder, a second after the head, and the third after the
right shoulder. Since they are horizontal trading ranges in a bull trend, it makes
sense that they should behave like any other trading range in a bull trend and lead
to a bull breakout. Sometimes, like all continuation patterns, they fail to lead to a
with-trend breakout and a reversal follows, and it is therefore misleading to attach
terms like top, bottom, or reversal to them. These terms make traders look to do the
opposite of what they should be doing, and it is therefore better not to use them.
When you see one setting up in a bull trend, it is better to think of it as a wedge
bull ﬂag and call it that, because then you are looking to buy a pause in a bull trend,
which is a proﬁtable strategy. You should not call it a head and shoulders top since
it is almost certainly not a top. Likewise, if you see a head and shoulders bottom
forming in a bear trend, it is more accurate to instead call it a triangle or a wedge
bear ﬂag because this will make you look to short, which is the best way to make
money in a bear trend.

324
PULLBACKS: TRENDS CONVERTING TO TRADING RANGES
Figure 20.2
The market is always trying to reverse, and the reversal attempts usually end
when they are on the verge of reversing the always-in direction. All of the head
and shoulders tops above are perfect examples. Many broke to the downside, but
that is not enough for traders to believe that the trend has reversed. Traders also
want to see follow-through. Since experienced traders know that most downside
breakouts will not have follow-through, they look at these bear breakouts as great
buying opportunities. Just as overly eager weak bears are shorting the strong bear
trend bars that break below the necklines, triggering the head and shoulders top
“reversal,” the strong bulls step in and buy aggressively, correctly believing that the
bear reversal will likely fail and simply become a bull ﬂag.

Figure 20.3
“REVERSAL” PATTERNS
325
FIGURE 20.3
Head and Shoulders Top and Bottom Bear Flag
There was a failed head and shoulders bottom and a head and shoulders top bear
ﬂag in Apple (AAPL), as shown in Figure 20.3. The market was in a trend from the
open bear trend and attempted to form a head and shoulders bottom (left shoulder,
head, right shoulder), which, as expected, failed to reverse the market and instead
evolved into a larger bear ﬂag. The third push up of the wedge bear ﬂag became the
head of a head and shoulders top bear ﬂag. The head of that head and shoulders
top was the end of a two-legged rally that ended at a ﬁrst moving average gap bar at
11:15 a.m. PST. The market tried to form a higher low after that head, but it failed
and the small rally became the right shoulder, which was a breakout pullback from
the channel up to the head. The breakout led to the test of the bear low, which was
expected after a ﬁrst moving average gap bar in a strong bear trend.


P A R T IV
Trading Ranges
T
he broadest and most useful deﬁnition of a trading range is that it is simply
an area of two-sided trading. It can be as small as a single bar (a doji bar) or
larger than all of the bars on your screen. It can be mostly horizontal, which
indicates that the bulls and bears are in balance, or it can be slightly sloping. If it
slopes up, the bulls are more aggressive. If it slopes down, the bears are stronger. If
it slopes too much, it should be considered to be a trend channel and not a trading
range. It can have very large swings lasting many bars or it can be very tight with
each swing lasting only a bar or so, creating a narrow channel. When it is horizontal,
the lines that contain it are support and resistance lines, with the support line below
and the resistance line above.
The term trading range is usually applied to any section of a chart that is not
trending and is mostly horizontal, but using the broader deﬁnition is more useful
to traders because once you know that there is two-sided trading, you can look
for opportunities to trade in both directions. Many beginners are too eager to look
for reversals and can’t resist trading them before the market is likely enough to
transition from a trend to a trading range. However, once there is enough evidence
that the transition is taking place, there are often high probability countertrend
scalp and even swing setups. The key is to wait for enough evidence before taking
them. Some patterns are usually not thought of as trading ranges but actually ﬁt the
broader deﬁnition of any area of the chart where there is two-sided trading taking
place, which is most of the time. A trend has brief spikes where there is little two-
sided trading, but most of the price action in a trend has some two-sided trading
taking place and is therefore some type of trading range.
327

328
TRADING RANGES
A pullback is a trading range where traders believe that the trend will soon
resume. A traditional trading range is an area where there is uncertainty and the
trend could resume or reverse, but most attempts to break out fail. A rising channel
in a bull and a falling channel in a bear are sloping trading ranges, since both have
two-sided trading, but the trend traders are more aggressive than the countertrend
traders. They are also the ﬁrst leg in a trading range that is not yet evident. For
example, after the market spikes up in a strong series of large bull trend bars with
only small tails and very little overlap, it soon enters a phase where there is more
overlap of the bars, larger tails, some bear bodies, a shallower slope, and some pull-
backs, even if they last for only a single bar. This is a bull channel, but all channels
are basically trading ranges because they represent two-sided trading. If the chan-
nel is steeply up and the pullbacks are small, the bears are there but are getting
overwhelmed by the bulls. A channel is made of a series of small trading ranges,
each followed by a small breakout that leads to another small trading range. As
the channel matures, the swings become larger as the bulls become less aggressive
and the bears more aggressive. There will be a break below the channel and then
usually a test to the bottom of the channel. At that point, the market had a leg up
(the bull channel) and a leg down (the test of the bottom of the channel), and most
traders will see the overall pattern as a trading range. It might form a double bot-
tom bull ﬂag or, at some point, the bears will take control and there will be a spike
down and the process will reverse.
Here are some characteristics that are commonly found in trading ranges:
r There is a sense of uncertainty about the direction of the impending breakout.
In fact, uncertainty is the hallmark of a trading range; whenever most traders
are uncertain, the market is in a trading range (trends have a sense of certainty
and urgency). Usually, however, a trading range is ultimately a trend resump-
tion setup, which means that it is just pullback on a higher time frame chart.
r Almost all of the trades look like they are no more than 55 percent certain.
r There are both legitimate bull and bear setups forming at the same time.
r There are several changes in direction on your screen.
r The overall price action is mostly horizontal, with the bars on the left and right
edges of the screen in the middle third of the screen vertically.
r Most of the bars are in the middle of the screen, and there are sharp reversals
near the top and bottom.
r The market runs stops repeatedly, often with strong trend bars, but then re-
verses direction on the next bar. For example, the market will have two bear
trend bars that fall below a strong swing low, but then the market reverses up
on the next bar.
r There are many bull and bear trend bars but few instances where there are
three or four consecutive bull trend bars or bear trend bars.

TRADING RANGES
329
r Many bars have prominent tails.
r Many bars overlap 50 percent or more of the bar before.
r There are many areas where there are three or more bars that each overlap by
50 percent or more of the range of the prior bars.
r There are many dojis, which can be large or small.
r The moving average is relatively ﬂat.
r The price action off the screen to the left was also in a trading range.
r There was just an impressive buy or sell climax.
r The vacuum effect is present, resulting in strong bull spikes at the top and
strong bear spikes at the bottom, with both failing to break out and instead
reversing back into the range.
r Many legs subdivide into two smaller legs and then reverse into a two-legged
move in the opposite direction.
r Low 1 and low 2 short setups at the bottom and high 1 and high 2 buy setups at
the top usually fail.
r Signal bars often look weak, even for second entries.
Any area of two-sided trading, even if it lasts for only a single bar, is a trading
range. When you refer to a trading range as a pullback, you believe that the odds are
favorable that the trend will soon resume and you will, therefore, likely be taking
trades only in the direction of the trend. Every trader will have different criteria,
but, in general, if you are about 60 percent or more certain that your trade will
soon be followed by a resumption of the trend, then you believe that the pattern
is a pullback. If instead you are less certain that your trade will be followed by a
breakout, then the pattern is a trading range. A trading range is just a pullback that
has lasted so long that it has lost its short-term predictive power, and 80 percent of
the breakout attempts up or down will fail. If you buy near the bottom, the market
will probably trade to the top, but instead of breaking out, there will be a sell setup
and the market will return to the area of your long entry. If you short near the
top, the market will probably trade down far enough to scalp a proﬁt, but then rally
back again to around your entry price. Ultimately, the odds favor that the trend that
preceded the trading range will resume because it is simply a pullback on a higher
time frame chart; however, if it lasts for days on the chart that you are trading,
you will miss many trading opportunities if you simply place that single with-trend
trade and wait for the breakout. Although you can trade it as a pullback on a higher
time frame chart, most traders ﬁnd it easier to make money if they watch and trade
only a single chart, even though they are aware of setups on higher and lower time
frame charts.
With a pullback, you should usually look to trade only in the direction of the
trend, unless the pullback is likely to be large enough for a countertrend scalp. Most
traders should still wait for the with-trend setup because countertrend scalping is

330
TRADING RANGES
a losing strategy for everyone except the most experienced traders. If you trade
countertrend, you should do so only if you believe that the market will enter a
trading range instead of just a pullback. With a trading range, you can trade in both
directions, knowing that most breakout attempts up and down will fail. However, if
there is a particularly strong setup at the bottom of a trading range in a bull market,
you can consider swinging all or just part of your trade. Likewise, if there is a strong
sell setup at the top of a trading range that followed a strong bear trend, you should
swing part or all of your short position.
The ﬁnal leg down in most trading ranges in bull markets is a bear channel,
which is a last-ditch attempt by the bears to create a top and a new bear trend.
A bear channel is a bull ﬂag. Bulls can buy the reversal up from the bottom of
the trading range or on the breakout pullback that usually follows soon afterward.
When the trading range is in a bull market, the rallies tend to be stronger than the
pullbacks, especially as the trading range nears its end. In addition, each pullback
functions as a ﬂag. The next rally is a breakout from that bull ﬂag, and the next
pullback is a breakout pullback setup, as well as another bull ﬂag. One of those
bull ﬂags will be the ﬁnal one, and its breakout will become the next leg up in the
resumption of the bull trend. Since all trading ranges are pullbacks on higher time
frame charts, that breakout will also be the breakout of that higher time frame bull
ﬂag. The opposite is true of trading ranges in bear trends, where the ﬁnal leg is
usually a bull channel, which is a bear ﬂag.
Channels usually eventually evolve into trading ranges, and traders are always
looking for the earliest signs of the transitions, because a channel is a trend, and
traders are less willing to trade against it than they are in a trading range, where
traders trade in both directions. Once traders believe that it has become a trading
range, there will be spikes and channels in the opposite direction. Sometimes the
trend will reverse (most reversal patterns are trading ranges), but more likely, the
market will be in a trading range for at least 10 or 20 more bars.
Every channel has two-sided trading and is usually the start of a trading range.
However, as long as the highs and lows keep trending, the channel is still in effect
and the market has not yet converted to a trading range. For example, in a rising
channel, the bulls will buy all pullbacks aggressively when the market gets near the
most recent higher low, because they want everyone to see the market as still in
a channel, which is a type of bull trend, and not in a trading range. This will make
other traders more likely to buy, the rally more likely to continue, and their proﬁt
grow. Sometimes the market will fall below a minor higher low and ﬁnd buyers.
This new low is the basis for a new, ﬂatter trend line (from the bottom of the chan-
nel) and a less steep, broader channel. It indicates that the price action is becoming
more two-sided and therefore more like a trading range, but still in a channel. Once
the market clearly enters a trading range, traders will start selling rallies, which
will reduce the ability of the bulls to keep pushing the market higher and limit their

TRADING RANGES
331
ability to proﬁt. As long as they can keep the market trending up, they know that
most traders will only look to buy. The market will often pull pack to the most re-
cent higher low and set up a double bottom bull ﬂag. This is acceptable to the bulls
because they know that it is a bullish setup and that the market will expect about
a measured move up if the setup triggers (by trading above the high of the signal
bar). At least they then have an idea of how much higher the rally might go, and this
will give them a proﬁt-taking target.
When the market is in its spike phase of a trend, it is very one-sided and pull-
backs are created by institutions taking proﬁts, not by them trading in the opposite
direction. As pullbacks get deeper, countertrend traders begin to scalp. Once pull-
backs grow into trading ranges, more countertrend traders are scalping and some
are scaling into shorts. The with-trend traders become less conﬁdent about how
much further the trend can go, and they transition from swing trading into more
scalping. That is why in a trading range, scalping by both the bulls and bears is
dominant. Both are buying low and selling high. The buying at the bottom is being
done by bulls initiating longs and bears taking proﬁts, and the selling at the top is
by bears shorting and bulls taking proﬁts. Since a trader’s job is to follow the in-
stitutions, he too should be scalping, and buying near the bottom and selling near
the top of the range. Whenever the market is in a trading range, traders should
immediately think, “Buy low, sell high, and scalp.”
Trading ranges have two-sided trading, where the bulls are stronger near the
bottom and the bears are stronger near the top. Every rally in a trading range is
essentially a bear ﬂag and every selloff is effectively a bull ﬂag. Because of this,
traders trade the top of the range the way they trade a bear ﬂag in a bear trend. They
sell above and below bars, and above resistance and below support areas. They sell
above bars, including strong bull trend bars, and above every type of resistance,
because they see each move up as an attempt to break out of the top of the range,
and they know that most breakout attempts fail. They sell below bars and below
every type of support, because they see each move down as equivalent to a break-
out of the bottom of a bear ﬂag in a bear trend. They expect that attempts to break
above the trading range will fail, that the bear ﬂag breakouts will succeed, and that
the market will soon reverse down and test the bottom of the range.
They trade the bottom of the range the way they trade a bull ﬂag in a bull
trend. They buy above and below bars, and above resistance and below support
areas. They buy below bars, including strong bear trend bars, and below every type
of support, because they see each a move down as an attempt to break out of the
bottom of the range, and they know that most breakout attempts fail. They buy
above bars and above every type of resistance, because they see each move up as
equivalent to a breakout of the top of a bull ﬂag in a bull trend. They expect that
attempts to break below the trading range will fail, and that the bull ﬂag breakouts
will succeed, and that the market will soon reverse up and test the top of the range.

332
TRADING RANGES
When the chart is trending, the trading ranges are relatively small and better
described as pullbacks since they are just brief pauses in the trend and are fol-
lowed by a test of the trend’s extreme. If no test comes and the market reverses,
what at ﬁrst appeared to be a pullback has evolved into a reversal pattern. If the
chart is composed of upswings and downswings across the entire screen, then nei-
ther the bulls nor the bears are dominant and they are alternating control over the
market and the chart is then in a trading range. Each swing is a small trend that is
potentially tradable, especially on a smaller time frame. On a larger time frame, the
trading range will be a pullback in a trend. For example, a 5 minute chart that is a
large trading range will likely be just a pullback in a trend on the 60 minute chart,
and a 60 minute trading range will be a pullback on a daily or weekly chart.
Many traders use descriptive names like ﬂags, pennants, or triangles, but the
name is irrelevant. All that matters is that two-sided trading is taking place. The
market is in breakout mode and at some point it will break out in either direction
into another trend. Both the bulls and the bears believe that this price area is an area
of good value, and both are initiating trades. Value exits at extremes. The market
is either too cheap, as it is at support, or too expensive, as it is at resistance. The
middle of a trading range is also an area of value for both the bulls and the bears,
because both see it as an extreme. The bulls believe that the market is bottoming
and therefore at a low, and the bears see it as topping and at a high. If the market
drops a little, the bears will sell less and the bulls will become more aggressive at
this better, more extreme price. This will tend to lift the market back toward the
middle of the range. If the price goes up near the top of the range, the bulls will buy
less, since they will see the market as a little expensive. The bears, in contrast, will
be even more eager to sell at these better prices.
Even a steep channel represents breakout mode. For example, if there is a steep
bull channel, the market can break out of the top of the channel and the trend can
accelerate to the upside. When this happens, the breakout usually fails after one or
two attempts and usually within about ﬁve bars, and if the market reverses back
into the channel, it usually pokes through the opposite side of the channel and
often is followed by a larger correction or a reversal. Even if a breakout spike lasts
several bars, there is usually a pullback soon that tests the channel, and it often
reenters the channel, breaks out of the other side, and then is followed by at least
a two-legged correction and sometimes a trend reversal.
On a 5 minute Emini chart, when the market is in a relatively tight trading range
where the swings are only two to four bars long before the market reverses toward
the other side of the range, there is often much more going on than what appears
to be happening. It is easy to ascribe the price action simply to random drift with
light trading; but if you look at the volume, you will often discover that the bars are
averaging 10,000 contracts or more. This is not light trading. What is probably hap-
pening is that many institutions are running buy programs while other institutions

TRADING RANGES
333
are running sell programs within the range. When the market gets near the top of
the range, the sell programs are selling more aggressively; when it is near the bot-
tom, the buy programs are overwhelming the sell programs. Neither side can win.
At some point, either the buy programs will overwhelm the sell programs at the
top of the range and the market will break out into a rally, or the sell programs
will overwhelm the buy programs at the bottom of the range and the market will
have a bear breakout. However, the trading range might have a dozen or more up
and down swings before that happens, and since those dozen or so breakout at-
tempts fail before one ﬁnally succeeds, it is far better to bet against them than to
enter on each breakout attempt. It is important to understand that breakouts are
common on every chart but most fail, as was discussed in Part I in the chapter
on breakouts.
Trading ranges are always trying to break out, and because of this, the swings
toward the top and bottom often have strong momentum with one or two, and
sometimes three or four, large trend bars with small tails. On a test of the bottom
of the range, the bears are trying to generate enough momentum to intimidate the
bulls and attract other sellers so that there will be a breakout with follow-through.
However, as the down leg begins, the bulls see the building downward momentum
and are anticipating what the best price will be where they can buy aggressively
again. The bears are also looking for a good price to take proﬁts. What could be
better than a couple of large bear trend bars that break below a swing low, espe-
cially if it is at another support area like a trend line or measured move target? Both
the bulls and the bears wait for the market to test the bottom of the range, not car-
ing if it undershoots it or overshoots it. As the market is falling toward the bottom
of the range and the bulls and the bears expect it to go further to make a clear test,
they have no incentive to buy when they believe they can buy even more cheaply
if they wait a little more. When these institutional traders have stepped aside like
this, there is a relative imbalance in the market, and the momentum often picks up
as the market falls. This is the vacuum effect and it quickly sucks the market to the
bottom of the range. Some large program traders trade momentum, selling aggres-
sively when the momentum is strong and continuing to sell until the momentum
down stops. This creates large bear trend bars that then are followed by a reversal
up. It is common to see a large bear trend bar or two as the market tests the low
of the range. Once it reaches a support level, which is usually a small measured
move target, the buyers come in and aggressively buy. The bears buy back their
shorts for a proﬁt and the bulls buy new longs. This stops the momentum, causing
the momentum traders to also stop selling and begin to buy back their shorts. With
so many large traders buying aggressively and relentlessly, the market begins a
swing up.
If you are an institutional bull or bear, this is perfect. You want to buy now
that the market is at the bottom of the range, and what could be better than an

334
TRADING RANGES
overextended bear bar for your signal to buy? You believe strongly that the market
will be going up, and here you have the market spiking down, showing extreme
bearish strength. This is a great opportunity to buy since you believe the value is
excellent and you know that if you are right, it will be at this low price only brieﬂy.
The institutional traders will appear out of nowhere and will buy aggressively. Some
will buy on the close of that last big bear trend bar, whereas others will wait to see
if the next bar is a pause bar. They will be even more conﬁdent if it has a bull close.
If it is a pause bar, they will see that as more evidence that the bears are unable to
follow through on their selling and are therefore weak. They might also wait for the
market to trade above the high of the prior bar and actually reverse. There will be
large bulls and bears buying at all of these signs and on all time frames, and they
will have every imaginable signal telling them to enter.
Some of the proﬁt-taking bears scaled in lower as the market fell. This made
their average entry price fall as well, enabling them to aggressively buy back all of
their shorts before the market reverses up to their average entry price to make sure
that they have a proﬁt when they exit. Since the shorts are buying and not selling
and the bulls are now buying aggressively, there is a relative buy imbalance and the
market again moves up toward the top of the range. The opposite happens at the
top of the trading range, and strong bull trend bars often lead to selling by both
the bulls taking proﬁts and the bears initiating new shorts.
This is why trading ranges always race toward the top and toward the bottom
and they always look like they are about to break out, only to reverse. It also ex-
plains why most breakouts of trading ranges fail and why there are bull trend bars
that break out of the top and bear trend bars that break out of the bottom. The
closer the market gets to the top or bottom of the range, the more traders believe
that it will exceed the old extreme, at least by a tick or two. The top and bottom
of a trading range have a magnetic pull that gets greater as the market gets closer
to the top or bottom because large traders who expect the market to reverse are
just waiting for the best price and then they suddenly enter aggressively, revers-
ing the market. This is true for all trading ranges, including bull and bear channels,
triangles, and bull and bear ﬂags.
Never get trapped by the strong momentum surges toward the top or bottom of
a trading range. You need to be following what the institutions are doing, and what
they are doing is selling strong bull trend bars at the top of the range and buying
strong bear trend bars at the bottom, exactly when the market looks like it has
the strength to break out. Only traders who are very experienced reading charts
should fade the market on the close of breakout bars. Almost all traders are more
likely to be successful if they wait to enter on a stop as the market reverses back
into the range. Also, they should take the trade only if the signal bar is not too
large, because they need to be entering near the extreme of the range and not in
the middle.

TRADING RANGES
335
Eventually a breakout will be successful, but the prior ﬁve to ten attempts will
all look very strong and fail. Because of this math, it is far better to expect failure.
When a successful breakout happens, look to enter the new trend on a pullback or
even during the breakout if it looks strong enough, and the overall context makes
a breakout likely to succeed. But until then, follow the institutions; as soon as they
are able to create a reversal (a failed breakout) near the top or bottom of the range,
take the reversal entry. In Part I, the chapter on breakouts discusses how successful
breakouts typically appear.
Since a trading range in a bull trend is a bull ﬂag, and it is just a pullback on a
higher time frame chart, a trader could buy the breakout on a stop and use a protec-
tive stop well below the bottom of the trading range. The chance of any one break-
out being successful is about 20 percent, but the chance that the market will even-
tually break to the upside is about 60 percent. However, it might break to the upside
and to the downside several times before the bull trend resumes, so if traders buy
a breakout and do not want to get stopped out, they need to place their protec-
tive stops far enough below the trading range so that the repeated failed downside
breakouts will not stop them out. Few traders are willing to risk that much and
wait that long, so the majority of them should not buy most trading range break-
outs. Sometimes a breakout above a trading range in a bull trend is a good entry
on a buy stop, but only when the bull trend clearly has started to resume before
the breakout. Even then, it is usually better to enter within the trading range as the
bull trend is resuming or to wait for the breakout and either buy after the breakout,
once it is clearly strong, or buy a breakout pullback, when one eventually forms.
The media makes it sound like traders oscillate between fear and greed. That is
probably true for beginners, but not for experienced traders, who rarely feel either.
Another pair of emotions is much more common with them, and also much more
useful: uncertainty and urgency. A trend is an area of certainty, or at least relative
certainty. Your personal radar can tell you if the market is more likely in a trend
instead of a strong leg within a trading range. If you have a sense of uncertainty,
the market is more likely in a trading range; if instead you have a sense of urgency
and you are hoping for a pullback, then the market is more likely in a trend. Every
trend is made of a series of spikes and trading ranges, and the spikes are brief.
When they exist, there is a directional bias to the probabilities. This means that
during a spike in a bull trend, the odds of the market moving X ticks higher before
it moves X ticks lower are more than 50 percent, and can be 70 percent or more
if the trend is strong. Both the bulls and the bears agree that the market needs to
move to a new price level, where uncertainty will return. A trading range is that area
of uncertainty, and whenever you are uncertain about the direction of the market,
it is likely in a trading range. Within the middle of a trading range, the probability of
the market moving up or down X ticks is about 50 percent most of the time. There
are brief ﬂuctuations in this probability, but most of them last for too few ticks to

336
TRADING RANGES
be traded proﬁtably. This search for uncertainty is the basis of measured moves.
The market will continue its higher-probability directional move until the odds fall
below 50–50, meaning that a reversal is likely (the odds are greater that the market
will now move in the opposite direction). Most of the time, that will occur at some
area of support or resistance, like a prior swing point or trend line or trend channel
line, and most of the time it will be in the area of some measured move. The reversal
is a move toward what will become the middle of a trading range where there is a
50 percent chance of the market moving up or down X ticks before it goes X ticks
in the opposite direction.
When you are completely neutral about a trading range, the directional prob-
ability of an equidistant move is 50 percent, and the market is around what will
become the middle of the range. As the market works toward the top of the range,
the odds favor the market going down, and the directional probability is 60 percent
or more that the market will fall X ticks before it goes up X ticks. Near the bottom of
the range, that is reversed, and the directional probability favors a rally. If there has
been a strong bull trend leading up to the range and there has not been a clear top,
then there is a directional bias in favor of the bulls, even when the market is in the
middle of the trading range. If the trend was very strong, then the directional proba-
bility in the middle of the range might be 53 to 55 percent, although it is impossible
to ever be certain. Just be aware that trading ranges are continuation patterns on
higher time frame charts, and if there was a strong bull trend leading up to it and no
clear top, the odds of an upside breakout are greater. Following a strong bull trend,
when the market falls to the bottom of the range, the directional probability of an
equidistant move is greater than at the bottom of a trading range that formed after a
bear trend, so instead of 60 percent in favor of a rally, maybe it is 70 to 80 percent. In
fact, the odds of a rally that is twice or three times X ticks before a sell-off of X ticks
might even be 70 percent or higher. For example, if the trading range is 50 ticks tall
and you bought above a bull reversal bar on a two-legged pullback to the bottom
of the range, and the bar is eight ticks tall, there might be a 70 percent chance of
the market rallying 20 or 30 ticks before hitting your stop 10 ticks below your en-
try. Likewise, near the top of the range, the directional probability of an equidistant
move is less than in a trading range that followed a bear trend, and instead of a
70 percent to 80 percent chance of the market falling X ticks before rallying X ticks,
those odds might be more like 60 percent. Again, no one can ever know the exact
odds, but it is helpful to be aware of the bias because it should inﬂuence you when
you are thinking about taking a trade. You should be more inclined to buy near the
bottom of a trading range in a large bull market than you are to short at the top.
Neither the bulls nor the bears know the direction of the breakout, but both
are comfortable trading within the range; and because of the tendency of bulls to
buy less and bears to sell more at the top of the range and to do the opposite at the
bottom, the market spends most of the time somewhere in the middle. This area of

TRADING RANGES
337
comfort has a magnetic pull, and whenever the market moves from it, the market
gets drawn back into it. Even if there is a successful breakout that runs several
bars, it usually will get pulled back into the range, and that is the basis for ﬁnal
ﬂags, which are discussed in book 3. It is also common to see a breakout in one
direction that runs for several bars, then a reversal, then a breakout in the opposite
direction, and then a pullback into the range. The magnetic effect of a trading range
can affect the market for several days, and it is common to see the market trend
away from a strong trading range, like a relatively tight range that lasted 10 or more
bars, only to come back into the range two or three days later.
What causes either the bulls or the bears in a trading range to change their per-
spective, eventually allowing a breakout to succeed? Rarely, there will be a news
item like a Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) report that is expected at a
speciﬁc time in the middle of the day, but most of the time the breakout is unantici-
pated. There will always be a news-related reason for the breakout given on TV, but
most of the time it probably is irrelevant to what is taking place. Once the market
breaks out, CNBC will ﬁnd some pundit who will conﬁdently explain how it was the
direct result of some news item. If instead the market broke out in the opposite di-
rection, the pundit would then argue the opposite interpretation of the same news
item. For example, if the market broke out to the upside on an FOMC interest rate
cut, the pundit would argue that lower rates are good for the market. If it broke to
the downside on the same rate cut, the pundit would argue that the rate cut is proof
that the Federal Reserve thinks the economy is weak and therefore the market is
overpriced. Both explanations are irrelevant and have nothing to do with what just
took place. Nothing is ever that simple and, in any case, it is irrelevant to a trader.
Most of the volume every day is generated by programs; there are dozens of big
ones running before and during the breakout, and they are designed independently
of one another by different ﬁrms that are each trying to take money from the oth-
ers. The logic behind the programs is unknowable and therefore irrelevant. All that
matters to traders is the net result. As a trader, you should follow the institutions,
and if they are driving the market up, you should follow them and be a buyer. If
they are driving the market down, you should follow them and be a seller.
Almost invariably, the breakout will be unfolding over the course of 10 or more
bars before it ﬁnally succeeds, which might be an hour before the news was re-
leased. The market has already made up its mind about the direction of the break-
out, no matter what the news will be, and if you can read the price action, you can
often position yourself before the breakout occurs.
For example, if the bulls begin to become impatient because they thought that
the market should have broken out of the upside by now, they will start to sell out
of their longs. This will add to the selling pressure of the bears. Also, those bulls will
likely want signiﬁcantly lower prices before looking to buy again, and their absence
of buying at the bottom of the range will remove buying pressure; the result will be

338
TRADING RANGES
that prices will fall down in a bear trend to a lower level where the bulls see value
again, and another trading range will form. In an upside breakout, the opposite
happens. Bears are no longer willing to short within the range and they will buy
back their shorts, adding to the buying pressure of the bulls. They will look to short
again only at a signiﬁcantly higher price, which creates a thin area where the bulls
move the market up quickly in a bull breakout. The market will continue to move
up quickly in a bull trend until it reaches a level where the bears once again believe
that there is value in shorting and the bulls start to take proﬁts on their longs. Then,
two-sided trading will resume and another trading range will form.
If the sideways price action has lasted for about 5 to 20 bars and is very tight,
then a trader has to be particularly careful because the bulls and bears are in very
tight balance. Trading breakouts in this situation can be costly since every brief
up move is sold aggressively by the bears and the new bulls are quick to exit. This
results in tails at the tops of the bars near the top of the range. Likewise, every
sharp move down is quickly reversed, creating tails at the bottoms of the bars near
the bottom of the range. There are, however, ways to proﬁtably trade this type of
market. Some ﬁrms and many traders are scaling into longs and out of shorts every
few ticks lower and doing the opposite every few ticks higher. However, this is
tedious and minimally proﬁtable at best for individual traders, and they will ﬁnd
themselves too tired to trade well once a successful breakout ﬁnally occurs.
In general, all trading ranges are continuation patterns, meaning that they more
often than not break out in the direction of the trend that preceded them. They also
tend to break out away from the moving average. If they are below the moving av-
erage, they usually break to the downside, and if they are above it, they tend to
break out to the upside. This is especially true if the trading range is adjacent to
the moving average. If they are far from the moving average, they may be setting
up a test back to the moving average. If a bull swing pauses in a trading range, the
odds favor the ultimate breakout taking place to the upside. However, there may
be several failed breakouts of the top and bottom before the ﬁnal breakout, and
sometimes the market breaks out countertrend. Also, the longer a trading range
continues, the greater are the odds that it will become a reversal pattern (accumu-
lation in a bear trading range, distribution in a bull trading range). This is because
the with-trend traders will become concerned that they are failing to make the trend
resume, and they will begin to cover their positions and will stop adding to them.
Because of these uncertainties, traders need to be careful and look for low-risk
price action setups. Trading ranges on a 5 minute chart that last for hours with
many big, hard-to-read swings can be small, clean, and easy-to-read trading ranges
on a 15 or 60 minute chart, so it sometimes is helpful to look at higher time frames.
Many traders, in fact, trade higher time frame charts.
The chart on your screen is in a trading range most of the time, with the bulls
and the bears in general agreement about value. Within the trading range, there

TRADING RANGES
339
are small trends; and within those trends, there are small trading ranges. When
the market is trending, the bulls and the bears are also in agreement about value,
and the agreement is that the value area is somewhere else. The market is moving
quickly to a trading range where both bulls and bears feel there is value, and they
will ﬁght it out until it becomes clear that one side is right and the other is wrong,
and then the market will trend again.
Some trading range days are composed of two or three large trending swings;
during the swings, the market behaves like a strong trend. However, the ﬁrst rever-
sal usually does not begin until after the ﬁrst hour or so, and a trend day is usually
underway before then. When a trend starts too late, there is a good chance that the
day will be a trading range day and that there will be at least a second reversal and
a test of the middle of the range.
The middle third of the day, from around 8:30 a.m. until 10:30 a.m. PST, can
be difﬁcult for traders on days that are not clearly trending (in other words, most
days). If the market is trading in the approximate middle of the day’s range (or
just the middle of a trading range within the day’s range) and it is now in the mid-
dle of the day’s trading hours, the chance of a tight trading range with overlap-
ping bars, big tails, and multiple small reversals is signiﬁcant, and most traders
would be wise to trade sparingly. It is usually better to forgo any less than per-
fect entry under these circumstances and instead wait for a test of the high or low
of the day. A trader who is not yet successful should not trade when the market
is in the middle of the day while it is also in the middle of the day’s range. This
change to one’s trading alone can mean the difference between being a loser and
a winner.
Sometimes there will be an extremely great-looking pattern setting up midday
in the Emini and you will get one tick of slippage on the entry. If the market does
not race to your proﬁt target within seconds, the chances are high that you have
been trapped. In this case, it is almost always better to place a limit order to get
out at breakeven. Whenever something looks too good to be true, so obvious that
everyone will look to enter, the odds are high that it is exactly as it appears to
be—not true.
Whenever there is a spike up and then a spike down, or vice versa, the mar-
ket has formed a climax reversal, which is discussed in the third book. A spike is
usually followed by a channel; but since there have been spikes in both directions,
the bulls and bears will continue trading aggressively as they try to overpower each
other and create a channel in their direction. This two-sided trading that usually
takes place after a climax is a trading range, and it can be as brief as a single bar or
can last for dozens of bars. The eventual breakout will usually lead to a measured
move that approximates the height of the spike.
A trading range can sometimes appear to be a reversal setup but in fact be just
a pause in the trend. For example, if there is a strong bull trend on the 60 minute

340
TRADING RANGES
chart and the 5 minute chart has a strong spike down that lasts several bars, which
is followed by a pullback rally that lasts several bars and then a second spike down
for several more bars, the pattern might look strongly bearish on the 5 minute chart,
but it could be a simple high 2 or double bottom buy setup on the 60 minute chart.
This is especially true if the ABC ends at the 60 minute moving average. You do not
have to look at the 60 minute chart, but you should always be aware of the direction
of the trend that preceded the trading range. This will give you more conﬁdence to
place the trade, which here is a large high 2 buy pattern and not the start of a new
bear trend.
Sometimes the low of a bear trend day, especially a climactic one, can come
from a small trading range that has large bars, often with large tails or large reversal
bodies. These reversals are less common at tops, which tend to be less climactic
than bottoms. These trading ranges are often other signals as well, such as double
bottom pullbacks or double top bear ﬂags.
Even though trading ranges are ﬂags on higher time frame charts and usually
break out in the direction of the trend, some break out in the opposite direction.
In fact, most reversal patterns are some type of trading range. A head and shoul-
ders pattern is an obvious one. A double top and a double bottom are also trading
ranges. This is discussed further in the chapter on trend reversals in book 3, but
it is important to realize that most trading ranges within trends break out in the
direction of the trend and do not lead to reversals. Therefore, all reversal patterns
are actually continuation patterns that occasionally fail to continue and instead re-
verse. Because of this, it is far better to look for with-trend entries when you see
a reversal pattern than to look for reversal entries. This means that if there is a
bull trend and it is forming a head and shoulders top, it is far better to look for a
buy signal as the market tries to break out to the downside than it is to short on
the breakout.
All trends contain trading ranges of different sizes and some trends are pre-
dominantly trading ranges, like trending trading range days, which were discussed
earlier in book 1, Chapter 22. You should be aware that the market often tries to
reverse the ﬁnal trading range in the last hour or so, so if the day is a bear trending
trading range day, look for a buy setup at the low of the day going into the ﬁnal
hour or two of the day.
Some experienced traders are good at knowing when a trend is evolving into
a trading range, and they will scale into countertrend trades once they believe it
is happening. For example, if the day is a bull trending trading range day and the
breakout has reached the area of the measured move based on the height of the
lower trading range, and if the rally has been in a relatively weak bull channel,
bears will begin to short above prior swing highs. They will also watch for a rel-
atively large bull trend bar and short its close or above its high, since it could be
a buy climax and be the end or near the end of the bull channel and, therefore,

TRADING RANGES
341
near the top of a trading range. Only very experienced traders should attempt this,
and most of those traders will trade small enough so that they can scale into their
short positions if the market continues higher. If it does go higher and they scale in,
some would take proﬁts on their entire position once the market pulls back to their
ﬁrst entry. Others will exit the ﬁrst entry at breakeven and hold the remainder for
a test of the bottom of the channel. As the bull channel is progressing, beginners
will see only a bull trend, but experienced traders will see the ﬁrst leg of a develop-
ing trading range. Once the day is over and beginners look back, they will see the
trading range and agree that it began at the bottom of the bull channel. However, as
that bull channel progressed, beginners did not realize that the market was in both a
bull channel and a trading range. As beginners, they should not be shorting in a bull
trend, and should consider trading in a trading range only if there is a strong sig-
nal, preferably a second signal. The experienced traders who shorted were scalping
because they saw the market as entering a trading range and not reversing into a
bear trend. When the market is in a trading range, traders should generally only be
scalping until the next trend begins, at which point they can once again swing part
or all of their trades.
The single most difﬁcult aspect of trading in a trading range is the trading range
dilemma. Since most breakouts fail, your proﬁt goals are limited, which means that
you are scalping. However, when you reduce your reward yet keep your risk the
same, you need a much higher probability of success to satisfy the trader’s equa-
tion. Otherwise, you are trading a strategy that is guaranteed to eventually blow
your account (i.e., drop it to below the minimum margin requirements for your bro-
ker to allow you to place trades). The dilemma is that you have to scalp, but scalp-
ing requires a very high probability of success, and that high degree of certainty
cannot exist for long in a trading range, where by deﬁnition uncertainty prevails.
If the range is particularly tight, the chance of success is even smaller. One way to
improve your chance of success is to enter with limit orders as the market is going
against you. For example, some traders will short above a weak-looking high 1 or
high 2, or above a swing high or bull trend bar at the top of the range. They might
also buy below a weak low 1 or low 2, or a swing low or bear trend bar at the bot-
tom of the range. Another approach is to take a smaller initial position and scale in
if the market goes against you.
If the range is large enough, most traders try to short small bear reversal bars
at the top of the range and buy small bull reversal bars at the bottom of the range,
especially when there are second entries, like shorting a low 2 at the top of the
range or buying a high 2 at the bottom of the range. Remember, although both
high 2 and low 2 setups are valid in trading ranges, traders trade them differently
from when they form in trends. When there is a bull trend, traders will buy a high 2
near the top of a leg, but when there is a trading range, they will buy a high 2 only if
it is at the bottom of the range. Similarly, bears will short a low 2 at the bottom of a

342
TRADING RANGES
bear trend but they will short a low 2 in a trading range only when it is at the top of
the range.
Since a trading range is simply a horizontal channel, you trade it like any other
channel. If the swings are small, you scalp; if they are large, you can scalp or swing
some of your position to the opposite end. If the trading range is very large and has
lasted several days, entire days can be strong trends and still be within the trading
range. When that happens, trade the day like any other trend day. If the swings are
very small, the trading range is a tight trading range, which is discussed Chapter 22.
The tighter the range, the fewer trades you should take. When the range is a tight
trading range, you should rarely take any trades.
When the market is in a trading range, look to buy near the bottom of the range
and short near the top. In general, if the market has been going down for about 5 to
10 bars, only look to buy, especially if the market is near the bottom of the range. If
the market has been going up for ﬁve to 10 bars, only look to short, especially if it
is near the top of the range. Trade in the middle of the range only if the swings are
large enough to make a proﬁt. For example, if the trading range is 10 ticks tall, you
do not want to buy six ticks above the low of the range, since the odds of the market
going six ticks further up are not great and that is what you would need to make a
four-tick proﬁt. If the trading range is six points tall, you can buy a higher low and
enter in the middle of the range since there is room above to make a scalper’s proﬁt
before the market encounters the resistance of the top of the range. The chapter on
channels in book 1 discusses how to trade them, and since a trading range is simply
a horizontal channel, the techniques are the same.
Most of the bars will be in the middle of the range, and the market spends very
little time at the extremes. When it is at the extremes, it usually got there with a
strong trend bar, making many traders believe that the breakout will be successful
and strong. There will often be three or more large, overlapping bars with a signal
bar forcing bulls to buy near the high tick, and this usually is a trap. For example,
suppose the market just raced to the bottom of the range with a couple of strong
bear trend bars but has been sideways for a couple of bars, sitting just below the
moving average; now there is a strong bear reversal bar, but it mostly overlaps
the prior bars, and the entry price would be within a tick or so of the bottom of
the bear ﬂag. In this situation, don’t take the trade. This is usually a bear trap, and
it is much better to place a limit order to buy at the low of that bear reversal bar
than to place a stop order to go short at one tick below its low. Take this fade only
if you are experienced with your read.
The best entries are second entries at the top or bottom of the range where
the signal bar is a reversal bar in your direction that is not too large and does not
overlap the prior bar too much. However, the appearance of the signal bar is less
important for trading range reversals than for trend reversals. Short setups at the
top of the range often have signal bars with bull bodies, and buy setups near the

TRADING RANGES
343
bottom of the range often have bear bodies. A strong reversal bar is not usually
mandatory unless a trader is looking to take a reversal trade in a strong trend.
Most traders will lose money if they scalp, even if they win on 60 percent of
their trades. This is especially true if their risk is about twice as large as their po-
tential reward. This means that traders have to be very careful with trading range
trades. Given that 80 percent of breakout attempts fail, a trading range trader has to
have limited goals, and many of the best trades will be big scalps or small swings.
For example, if the average daily range in the Emini has recently been approx-
imately 10 to 15 points, the average protective stop will be about two points. If
traders are shorting below a strong bear signal at the top of a trading range that is
at least six points tall, especially if they are taking a second signal, they have at least
a 60 percent chance of making two points while risking two points. This results in a
minimally proﬁtable trader’s equation and is therefore a successful strategy. If it ap-
pears that the move could fall four points, traders might take a quarter to half off at
two points and try to swing the remainder for about four points. They might move
the stop to breakeven after taking two-point partial proﬁts, or they could tighten
it from two points to maybe one point (four ticks) or ﬁve ticks. At that point, they
are risking ﬁve ticks to make four points, and even if the chance of success is only
40 percent, they have a winning trader’s equation. Some traders who took partial or
full proﬁts at two points will place limit orders to short again at their original entry
price, but risk only about ﬁve ticks this time. They might try for two to four points
on their trade, depending on the overall market. If the entry bar or the following
bar becomes a strong bear bar, they will be inclined to hold for a larger move.
If the trading range is only three or sometimes even four points tall, entering on
stops is usually a losing strategy. The trading range is then a relatively tight trading
range, which is discussed later, and only very experienced traders should trade it.
Most of the trades require limit order entries, and beginners should never buy when
the market is falling or sell when it is rallying, because they invariably will choose
situations in which the move will go so far that they will become frightened and
exit with a loss.
Regardless of how tall the range is, if you are looking to trade and the leg that
is testing the top or bottom of the range is a tight channel, it is better to wait for
a breakout pullback, which is a second entry. So if the market has been going up
for 10 bars and is near the top of the trading range, but these 10 bars are in a micro
channel, do not short below the low of the prior bar—the upward momentum is too
strong. Instead, wait to see if there is a pullback from this micro channel breakout.
The pullback can be any test of the top of the channel, including a lower high,
double top, or a higher high. Then look to short below the low of the prior bar and
place a protective stop above the high of the signal bar. The setup is more reliable if
that signal bar is a good bear reversal bar, especially if it is not too large. If it is too
large, it will likely overlap one or more bars too much and will have you shorting

344
TRADING RANGES
too far below the high of the range. When this happens, it is usually better to wait
for a pullback before shorting.
Any short setup is also more reliable if there is other evidence of strong bears
entering the market within the prior 10 bars, like two or three bars around this
level with large tails on top, or several recent bars with strong bear bodies. This
represents building selling pressure and increases the chances that the trade will
be successful. Similarly, if you are looking to buy at the bottom of the range and
there are a few bars at this level with large tails on the bottom or several bars
with bull bodies, then the bulls are becoming aggressive, and this buying pressure
increases the chances of a proﬁtable long trade. If there is support or resistance
like a dueling lines pattern near your entry, the odds of a successful trade increase.
Trading ranges always look like they are breaking out, but the majority of
breakout attempts fail. The extremes are often tested by large trend bars, and, if you
are an experienced trader, you can fade the close of one of these bars. Although it
is safer to wait for the breakout to fail before entering (breakouts and failures were
discussed in Part I), if you are conﬁdent that the trend bar is just running stops
beyond a swing high or low, you can enter of the close on the bar, especially if you
can scale in if the market goes against you. For example, if the market has been in
a quiet trading range for the past three hours and just formed a two-legged move
down below a prior swing low, and the close was on the low of the bar, you can
consider buying at the market on the close of the bar. If most of the up legs have
had more momentum than the down legs, the odds are better, and they are better
still if the trend bar is testing a trend line, a trend channel line, a measured move
target, or other support level.
Since not all of the swings reach the extreme of the range, you can consider
scaling into a trade. For example, if the market has been going up for eight bars and
is forming a low 3 below the top of the trading range, you can consider shorting the
low 3 setup and using a wide stop of maybe four points in the Emini on a day when
the average range has been about 10 points. If the low 3 succeeds and you have a
proﬁtable trade, you exit. If the low 3 fails, it is likely that there will soon be a low 4
and that it will be successful. If so, you can scale into the trade by shorting a ﬁxed
number of ticks above your entry, or above the high of a prior bar or swing high,
or on a stop on the low 4 signal. You can then exit both short positions near the
bottom of the range or maybe at the entry price of the ﬁrst short. This entry would
then be a breakeven trade and the second, higher entry would be proﬁtable. Scaling
in and out of trades is discussed in Chapter 31.
Because trading ranges are two-sided, pullbacks are common. If you take a
trade in a trading range, you have to be willing to sit through a pullback. However,
if the trading range might be turning into a trend, you should exit if the market goes
against you and wait for a second signal. Your odds of success are greater if you
have the ability to scale in as the market goes against you.

TRADING RANGES
345
If the market is at the bottom of the range and the downward momentum is
weak and the market reverses up for a bar or two, it might be setting up a low 1
short. Since you should short a low 1 setup only in the spike phase of a bear trend
and not in a trading range, it is unlikely that this low 1 would be proﬁtable. You then
believe that the odds are that a short below the low of the prior bar would go up
eight ticks before it falls six ticks. That means that it makes sense to place a limit
order to buy at or a couple of ticks below the low of the prior bar, expecting a failed
low 1 short and a higher low. Also, if you believe that the market is forming a bull
channel, you expect the low 2 to fail as well, and you therefore can place a limit
order to buy at or below the low of the low 2 signal bar. You can do the opposite
near the top of the range as the market is turning down and forming low-probability
high 1 and high 2 buy setups. Place a limit order to short at or just above the high
of the high 1 or high 2 signal bar.
Since the legs in a trading range often subdivide into two smaller legs, you can
fade the breakout of the prior leg. Buying a breakout above a swing high usually
yields a proﬁtable trade only in a strong bull trend, and shorting below a swing low
is usually proﬁtable only in a strong bear trend. If the market just pulled back from
the ﬁrst leg down in a trading range, the odds of a successful short trade where
you enter on the breakout of the bottom of that ﬁrst leg are small. Instead, you can
consider placing a limit order to buy a few ticks below that low for a scalp up.
Because most breakout attempts fail, never overstay any trade hoping for a
successful breakout. Look to exit longs on scalp proﬁt targets or on tests of the top
of the range, and take proﬁts on shorts on limit orders that give a scalper’s proﬁt or
exit on a test of the bottom of the range. Never rely on martingale trading. This is
discussed in Chapter 25, but it is a gambling technique where you double or triple
the size of your next trade if you just lost on your prior trade. If you keep losing,
you keep doubling or tripling the size of your prior trade until you win. Almost in-
variably when you are thinking about this, the market is in a tight trading range
and will likely have four or more consecutive losers; you would therefore abandon
the approach because it would require you to trade far more contracts than you
can handle emotionally, and this will leave you with a huge loss. A breakout or a
winning trade is never overdue, and the market can sustain unsustainable behavior
much longer than you can sustain your account. Be fussy and take only reason-
able entries, and never base any entry on the idea that the market is overdue for a
good trade.

346
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.1
FIGURE PIV.1
Most of the Bars on Any Chart Are within Trading Ranges
The market is composed of trading ranges separated by brief trends, and each
trading range is made up of smaller trends and trading ranges. Figure PIV.1 is a
10 minute chart of the Emini that shows about six weeks of price action. If a trader
were watching only a 5 minute chart with about a day and a half of data, it would be
easy to overlook the big picture. Some of the days were small trading range days,
but those days were in the context of a large bull market. The large trading ranges
are labeled with letters and the small trading ranges with numbers (the numbers
refer to the trading ranges and not the bars). Although trading ranges repeatedly
try to break out of the top and bottom and 80 percent of those attempts fail, when
the breakout does come, it is usually in the same direction as the trend that pre-
ceded it. Most reversal patterns are trading ranges, like the rightmost trading range
(13), but most reversal attempts turn into ﬂags and break out in the direction of
the trend.
While the market is in a trading range, traders can take trades in both direc-
tions, looking for small proﬁts on each trade, but when there is a strong buy setup
at the bottom of a trading range in a bull trend, a trader can swing part or all of
the trade. For example, within the large B trading range, there were three pushes
down, creating a triangle, and each push down tested the top of the large A trading
range. The small 8 trading range also had a double bottom, and it was a bull ﬂag

Figure PIV.1
TRADING RANGES
347
down from the 6 trading range. A day trader might have swung a long into the close
of the day, but traders willing to hold a position overnight saw that this was a good
buy setup for a trade that could last several days.
Notice how the ﬁnal leg down of most trading ranges is a bear channel, which is
a last-ditch attempt by the bears to create a top and a new bear trend. A bear chan-
nel is a bull ﬂag. Bulls can buy the reversal up from the bottom of the trading range
or on the breakout pullback that usually follows soon afterward. The opposite is
true of trading ranges in bear trends, where the ﬁnal leg is usually a bull channel,
which is a bear ﬂag.

348
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.2
FIGURE PIV.2
Multiple Early Reversals Often Lead to a Trading Range Day
Multiple reversals in the ﬁrst couple of hours usually result in a trading range
day. Big traders often come into the day expecting a trading range day, and when
enough do, their scalping and reversing often result in one forming. As shown in
Figure PIV.2, today broke out but then reversed down at bar 1 and reversed up at
bar 2. The reversal failed at bar 3, but the attempt at a bear channel failed at bar 4,
and the market reversed up again. The bull spike up to bar 5 had two pauses along
the way, indicating hesitancy. After the spike up, the market went sideways for
about 10 bars and had many small reversals within the bull ﬂag, as well as ﬁve bear
bodies, again showing that the market was very two-sided, which is the hallmark
of a trading range. Bar 7 was a bull trend bar to a new high of the day, but was
immediately followed by a bear inside bar instead of two or three more bull trend
bars. The market then had several large dojis; two of them had big tails on the top,
showing that traders aggressively sold into the close of the bars (selling pressure).
This shows that the bears were very strong at the high of the day, which is what
commonly happens in a trading range. The directional probability of an equidistant
move rose in favor of the bears. In this case, the odds of a two-point move down
before a two-point move up might have been 60 percent. Although it is impossible
to know exactly, traders believed that the shorts had the edge. Most traders sus-
pected at this point that the day was a trading range day and the odds of a move
down below the middle of the range were good. If traders shorted at any point after

Figure PIV.2
TRADING RANGES
349
bar 7 and risked about two to three points, they probably had about a 60 percent
chance of the market testing below the midpoint of the day, which was ﬁve to eight
points lower, depending on where they shorted. Risking two points to make ﬁve
points with 60 percent certainty is a great trade.
The middle of the day on a trading range day is a magnet and usually gets tested
repeatedly during the day, including after the breakout to a new high. Also, since
trading range days usually close in the middle of the day’s range, look to fade tests
of the extremes, like at bars 7, 9, 10, and 12. Traders were shorting above swing
highs, like above bars 1, 3, and 5, and they were adding on, maybe at one or two
points higher. If they added on, many traders would have exited some or all of their
positions when the market returned to the original entry price. This would be a
breakeven trade, but they would have a proﬁt on their higher entries. If the market
immediately went their way, they would scalp out of most or all of their positions
because on trading range days it is better to scalp unless you are shorting at the
very top or bottom of the day, where you can swing part of your position for a test
of the middle of the day or even a test of the opposite extreme. Bulls bought below
bars 6 and 8, and many were willing to scale in lower.
In general, doing the opposite of what you would do on a trend day is effective,
especially if you can scale in. Once traders believe that the day is a trading range
day, they will place trades based on that belief. Instead of looking to buy a high 1 or
high 2 near the high, it is better to short above those signal bars. Instead of looking
to short a low 1 or low 2 near the bottom of the range, it is better to buy below those
bars. Traders enter on limit and market orders. Some look at a smaller time frame
chart, wait for a reversal bar, and then enter on stops on the reversal. Traders will
be scalping all day, expecting just about every move to not go far before reversing
again. They will short above the high of prior bars and add on higher, and they will
buy below the low of prior bars and add on lower. They will also fade large trend
bars near the top and bottom of the developing range. The bulls saw the large bull
trend bar that formed two bars before bar 1 as a brief opportunity to take proﬁts
at a high price. The bears also doubted there would be follow-through buying and
shorted. Both the bulls and the bears sold at the close of the big bull trend bar,
above its high, on the close of the two bear bars that followed, and below the low
of the bear bars.
Once the market formed a large bear trend bar before bar 2 that tested below
the day’s low and near the low of yesterday, both the bulls and the bears started
buying. The bears were buying back their shorts, and the bulls were initiating new
longs. Both bought on the close of the bar and below its low. Bar 2 had a large
tail on the bottom, showing that traders were eager to buy. The next bar had a bull
close, and they bought that close and above its high. Traders sold on the close of the
bar 7 breakout to a new high, even though it was a bull trend bar. They were conﬁ-
dent that the day was a trading range day, so they waited to short until the market

350
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.2
went above the opening high. As the market was going up, they believed that a
new high of the day was likely, and since they thought the market would go a lit-
tle higher, it did not make sense for them to short when they could do so at an
even better price a few minutes later. This absence of the strongest sellers created
a vacuum that sucked the market up quickly. Since they were conﬁdent that the
new high would fail, they were very happy to sell on the close of a strong bull trend
bar. The bulls were selling out of their longs to take proﬁts, and the bears were
selling to initiate new shorts. Both wanted to sell when the market was at maxi-
mum strength, since they believed that it should head down. Traders sold on the
close of the bear inside bar that followed bar 7 and below its low. The next bar
was a small doji bar, which was a weak high 1 buy setup, and many traders sold
above its high, expecting it to fail. They also sold below the low of the high 1 entry
bar, since it was then a one-bar lower high. Two bars later, they saw the doji signal
bar for the high 2 buy setup as a weak signal, and sold above its high. Once the
high 2 entry bar closed near its low, they sold below its low, since this was a failed
high 2 sell signal.
The strong bull trend bar was a high 4 entry bar, but it was also a big bull trend
bar near the high of a trading range day. The bull scalpers sold out of their longs,
and the bears shorted on the close of the bar and below the bar 9 lower high two-bar
reversal (this made the move down to bar 8 a ﬁnal ﬂag).
Once the market fell to the middle of the range, and especially after it broke be-
low the bar 6 swing low, the bulls thought the breakout would fail. Most breakouts
fail in general, and this is especially true on trading range days, and in the middle
of the day and in the middle of the range. Traders started buying the bear closes
and the pushes below the lows of the prior bars. By bar 11, the consensus was
clear and the market created a bull reversal bar, signifying urgency to the upside.
There was no one left who was willing to short down there, so the market had to
go up to ﬁnd a price that the bears once again believed offered value for shorting.
This price is where they aggressively shorted earlier in the day, and their renewed
selling created the double top at bar 12.
Bar 12 had a bull body, which is a bad signal bar for a reversal trade, but in a
trading range (or at the end of a bear rally in a bear trend), signal bars are often not
strong, but are still acceptable. At least it had a tail at the top, a small bull body,
and a close in the middle.

Figure PIV.3
TRADING RANGES
351
FIGURE PIV.3
Swing Trades in Trading Ranges
In Figure PIV.3, there are two trading ranges where traders could have swung part
of their position for a possible breakout into a trend. In the upper range, traders
could have shorted below the low of bar 3, which was the signal bar for the wedge
reversal of the high of yesterday. Since the move down to bar 4 broke below the
bull trend line, the market might then form a lower high and then a reversal into a
bear trend. This allowed traders to short again below the low of bar 5, well before
the breakout below the bottom of the trading range.
The market then formed a lower trading range. The bar 11 rally to the top of
the range broke the bear trend line, so traders should be looking for a lower low
or higher low and then a possible trend reversal up. The market formed a wedge
bull ﬂag at the bar 14 higher low, and bar 14 was a strong bull reversal bar. This al-
lowed bulls to buy several bars before the breakout actually took place. There were
high 1 breakout pullback long setups at bars 16 and 17.
In general, the stronger the trend, the more important the signal bar is for a
reversal trade. Trading range signal bars are often less than perfect. Acceptable
short setups can have signal bars with bull bodies. Likewise, acceptable long setups
can have signal bars with bear bodies. Examples include bars 3, 5, and 7, the bar
after bar 11, and bar 18.

352
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.3
Experienced traders saw the breakout down to bar 6 as a likely evolution of
a trading range day into a trending trading range day. Aggressive bulls bought the
close of bar 8, since it was a large bear trend bar in the area of a measured move
down in what they thought was likely a developing lower trading range. Other bulls
bought as bar 8 fell below the low of bar 6, and others bought at a ﬁxed number
of ticks below bar 6. Some bought at one point below and tried to buy more at
two, three, or even four points below. Some thought that the breakout might be
a ﬁve-tick failed breakout and used that as their reason to buy four ticks below.
A few traders sold the breakout below bar 6 and reversed to long at their scalper’s
proﬁt target, one point below their entry price. Others bought on bar 8 as it fell
through the trend channel line (not shown) created by yesterday’s low and bar 6,
or after the market bounced a few ticks up from the bar 8 low after falling below
the trend channel line. Since these bulls believed that the market was evolving into
a trending trading range day and was forming the lower trading range, they were
in scalping mode, as most traders are when the market is in a trading range. The
swings today were relatively large, so many bulls were scalping for three or four
points instead of just one or two. They needed to be adequately rewarded for tak-
ing relatively risky (lower-probability) trades, where the risk was large (the bulls
who were scaling in were probably risking four to six points). Since experienced
traders believed that the market was in a trading range, bear scalpers were short-
ing rallies near the top of the developing trading range, like around bar 7 or bar 11.
Since bar 14 was a possible start of a test back into the upper range and was fol-
lowed by several bull trend bars, most bears would have stopped looking to short at
that point.

Figure PIV.4
TRADING RANGES
353
FIGURE PIV.4
Middle Third of the Range and of the Day
When the day is not a clear trend day, traders should be very careful during the
middle third of the day when the market is around the middle third of the day’s
range. In Figure PIV.4, there are lots of overlapping bars, small dojis, and tiny failed
breakouts, making the price action difﬁcult to read. This is a barbwire type of tight
trading range and is discussed more in Chapter 22. With experience, a trader can
be successful trading under these circumstances, but the vast majority of traders
would more likely give back most or all of the proﬁt that they made in the ﬁrst
couple of hours. The goal is to make money, and sometimes your account is much
better served by not placing trades and instead waiting for strong setups. In the
chart, the sideways action lasted until 11:45 a.m. PST, which is relatively late in
the day. The time parameters are only guidelines. The overriding factor is the price
action, and on trading range days the best trades are fades of the highs and lows of
the day, but this takes patience.

354
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.5
FIGURE PIV.5
Spike Up and Then Down Usually Leads to a Trading Range
Whenever the market has a spike up and then a spike down, or vice versa, it tends
to enter a trading range as the bulls and bears both ﬁght to create follow-through
in their direction. In Figure PIV.5, Eli Lilly (LLY)’s daily chart shows a sharp up
move that ended at bar 2 and was followed by a sharp down move. There was no
clear buy pattern; instead there was a low 2 breakout pullback entry at bar 4. Bars
6 and 7 were short signal bars following brief bear trend line breaks (bar 6 was a
ﬁrst moving average gap bar). The bar 8 low of this spike and channel bear trend
was not quite a measured move, and was followed by a test of the bar 4 start of the
bear channel.
A sharp move up and then down, like the move up to bar 2 and then down, is
a climactic reversal and a two-bar reversal on some higher time frame chart. It is a
single reversal bar on an even higher time frame chart. Bar 8 was a sell climax and a
two-bar reversal, and the move would be a single reversal bar on some higher time
frame chart. It was followed by a trading range, which grew into a bull channel.

Figure PIV.6
TRADING RANGES
355
FIGURE PIV.6
Pullbacks Can Grow into Trading Ranges
Strong trends are followed by pullbacks that can grow into trading ranges and
sometimes reversals, as shown in Figure PIV.6. Here, the daily chart of ViroPharma
Inc. (VPHM) had a strong bull trend followed by a strong bear trend, and the en-
tire chart evolved into a large trading range. A big move up followed by a big move
down is a buy climax and is usually followed in turn by a trading range as the
bulls and the bears continue to trade, both trying to generate follow-through in
their direction.
At some point after the bar 1 bottom, the momentum traders controlled the
market and drove it much higher than the fundamentals warranted. There was then
a sharp move down to bar 9, where there was a three-push pattern (a wedge vari-
ant) that resulted in the spike and channel up to bar 13, effectively creating a large
trading range. Bar 13 was an overshoot of the trend channel line, and the attempted
breakout above the channel failed. Spike and channel bull trends, no matter how
strong they appear, are usually followed by a test of the beginning of the channel,
which was the bar 12 low.
Bar 10 was a breakout pullback higher low second chance to get long.
After many momentum players dumped their longs on the rally up from the
bar 4 trend line break, the bulls were able to drive the market to a new high at
bar 5, but this area found aggressive sellers who were able to break the major bull

356
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.6
trend line as they pushed the market down to the bar 6 low, setting up a large
reversal down from the bar 7 lower high test of the bar 5 trend high. The reversal
down came off of the three pushes up to bar 7. At this point, the momentum players
were out and looking for another stock. The rally up to bar 7 had several swings,
indicating two-sided trading and therefore less momentum than in the prior rallies
and in the sell-off down to bar 6. It became the pullback that led to the bear channel
that followed the spike down to bar 6.
The market continued to sell off until value traders thought that the fundamen-
tals were strong enough to make the stock a bargain around bar 9. Bar 9 was also
a three-push-down buy. It could also have been near some Fibonacci retracement
level, but that is irrelevant. You can just look and see that the pullback was deep,
but not so deep that the force of the rally from bar 1 was totally erased. The bulls
still had enough force left to rally the stock, especially since the value traders were
back in play. They felt that the stock was cheap based on fundamentals, and their
intention was to keep buying as the stock continued to drop (unless it dropped
too far).
The ﬁnal leg down in a trading range in a bull market is often a bear channel, as
it was here. Some traders saw the entire move from bar 3 to bar 9 as a wedge bull
ﬂag, which is a bear channel. Others saw the bear channel as starting at bar 5, bar 7,
or after the large bear spike that followed bar 8. That bear spike led to three pushes
down and a wedge bear channel. Traders bought above bar 9 and on the breakout
pullbacks at bars 10 and 12.

Figure PIV.7
TRADING RANGES
357
FIGURE PIV.7
A Trading Range Can Be a Reversal Setup
A trading range can be a reversal setup, especially when there are tails at the bot-
toms of the bars and two-bar reversals, which are reversal bars on a higher time
frame chart. As shown in Figure PIV.7, yesterday had a bear spike and then the re-
mainder of the day was a low-momentum bull channel. All bull channels are bear
ﬂags, and this one broke out to the downside on today’s open. However, the market
made three attempts (bars 8, 9, and 12) to break below yesterday’s low and found
buyers instead of sellers each time. The small trading range from bar 9 to bar 12 led
to a reversal up instead of a downside breakout. The failed low 2 at bar 12 was the
setup for today’s strong bull trend.
Although a trader only needs to look at one chart to trade successfully, it is
usually helpful to be aware of the big picture. The market was in a large trading
range for four days, as shown in the inset of the 15 minute chart. The numbering is
the same, but the 15 minute chart began before and ended after the 5 minute chart
and has some additional numbers. Since there was a bull trend before the four-day
trading range formed, traders were looking for an upside breakout. The ﬁnal leg of
a trading range in a bull market is often a bear channel, which is the last attempt
by the bears to reverse the market down. Most reversal patterns are trading ranges,
but most fail, like this one did. There were several possible choices for the start of
the channel (bars 6, 7, and 8), and different traders saw each as the most important.

358
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.7
However, they all agreed that bars 10 and 12 were reasonable buy setups. Bar 10
was a second attempt to reverse up after breaking below yesterday’s low, and
bar 12 was a breakout pullback from the bar 11 break above the bear trend line,
as well as a higher low. The strong bull trend bars were signs of buying pressure,
which is always good to see when looking to buy.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
As shown in Figure PIV.7, yesterday’s bull channel from bar 5 to bar 6 broke the bear
trend line, and today’s lower low was therefore a possible trend reversal.
Yesterday’s bear ﬂag became the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear trend (but the bear trend
was in a large four-day trading range in a bull market). Whenever there is a relatively
horizontal bear ﬂag, or a sloping one that is in a tight channel, it will have a magnetic
pull on the market, and this often prevents breakouts from going very far. The tight
trading range is an area of comfort for both bulls and bears, and both see the price level
as an area of value. Traders were aware of this and were looking for signs of a reversal
up after the breakout. The failed low 2 at bar 12 was also a double bottom pullback
buy setup. Other traders saw it as a triple bottom or a triangle reversal. Most reversal
patterns have multiple interpretations, and diﬀerent traders prefer to describe them in
their own particular way. It does not matter what you call it, because all that matters is
that you were aware of the possible reversal and looked for some reason to get long.

Figure PIV.8
TRADING RANGES
359
FIGURE PIV.8
Buy Climax, Then Trading Range
The FOMC report was released at 11:15 a.m. PST, and the 5 minute Emini formed
a large bull outside bar at bar 1 in Figure PIV.8, but its high was never exceeded.
It was followed by a large bear trend bar, setting up a buy climax, which is usually
followed by a trading range. The trading range can be as short as a single bar or can
last for dozens of bars. It did not take long for the bears to overwhelm the bulls and
create a four-bar bear spike. Even though reports can be volatile, the price action
is reliable; so don’t get caught in the emotion, and just look for sensible entries.
Bar 5 began a trading range that had large two-bar reversals and tall dojis.
Whenever a trading range forms with multiple large reversals at an extreme of the
day, it is usually better to look for a reversal entry than a with-trend setup. The big,

360
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.8
overlapping bars and tails indicated two-sided trading, and when there is strong
two-sided trading, it is not prudent to be buying at the high of the day or selling at
the low. The tight trading range that began at bar 5 was composed of large bars,
bars with tails at the bottom, and two-bar reversals, all indicating that the bulls
were willing to become aggressive. This was an area of strong two-sided trading and
therefore an area where both the bulls and the bears felt there was value. There-
fore, if the price drifted down in a downside breakout, the buyers would see the
lower prices as an even better value and they would buy aggressively. The bears
saw value in the range and were less willing to short below it. The relative ab-
sence of bears and the increased buying by the bulls usually causes breakouts to
fail; the market generally rallies back into the magnetic area, and sometimes the
market reverses.
All spikes are also breakouts and climaxes. The four-bar bear spike that began
with bar 3 had shrinking bodies, indicating waning momentum. The sell climax was
followed by a one-bar pause and then another large bear trend bar at bar 4, which
created consecutive sell climaxes. When the emotional sellers have sold twice in a
short period of time, there are usually very few traders left who are willing to sell
at the low prices, and a bottom is often near. There was a third sell climax into the
close and then a rally on the open the next day.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Bar 2 in Figure PIV.8 was a high 2 long entry bar but there was a problem with this setup.
Whenever there are three or more bars that almost completely overlap and they are just
above the moving average and there is a buy signal where the entry would be close to
the top of this trading range, the odds favor it being a bear trap. If you took any trade,
it made more sense to short above the high of the prior bar because this was a small,
tight trading range, and most trading range breakouts fail. Yes, it was a high 2, but one
that should never be bought.
Bar 3 was a failed high 2, so there were trapped bulls at the high of the day. It was
also a strong bear trend bar, setting up a good short entry. Since the market was in a
trading range at this point, those two small pushes up made bar 3 a low 2 short setup.
Since it was near the high of the day, it was a good place to be looking for shorts. Finally,
it was a double top bear ﬂag after a large bear trend bar, and a climactic reversal.
Bar 6 was a low 1 short setup, but it followed consecutive sell climaxes, and the risk
that the market would form a two-legged sideways to up correction was signiﬁcant. The
odds favored a higher low and a second corrective leg, but the bars were large enough
to provide room for a short scalp, despite the likely higher low.
Bar 7 was the ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal, and it was better to buy above the higher
of the two bars and not simply above the bull bar. This was an example of how overly
eager bulls get trapped. Since the market at this point had several big sideways bars, it

Figure PIV.8
TRADING RANGES
361
was in a trading range and it was better to look for shorts near the top of the range and
not to buy. Buy low, sell high is the best way to trade trading ranges.
Bar 8 trapped bulls into a bad high 2 long, and they would exit on the low 2 short
below bar 8. The signal bar was small enough so that there was room for a short scalp,
but after a pair of two-bar reversals and with a doji signal bar, this was a risky short.
Bar 10 was another bull trap that was bought by weak bulls at the top of a big,
tempting doji. Again, smart bears would have looked for a small setup bar for a short
entry because the bulls would have been forced to sell and there would have been no
buyers left, making the market quickly reach the short scalp proﬁt target. Since this was
the third push up, it should have been expected to function like a wedge top, and it was
followed by a bear leg into the close. Since this was a trading range, there was nothing
for reversal patterns to reverse, and buying above tall bars near the top of the range was
likely to result in trapped bulls. Smart bears were still shorting above the high of the
prior bar and below the lows of small bars near the top of the range.
This trading range became a ﬁnal ﬂag that reversed up on the open of the next day
with a high 2 entry on the third bar of the day. In fact, you can view the entire day up
to the report as a ﬁnal ﬂag. The market broke to the upside just before the report and
then sold oﬀon bar 1 on the report, and once again tried to break to the upside from
the trading range. When the market tries something twice and fails both times, it usually
then tries the opposite. This made a downside breakout likely after the bar 1 buy climax.
The large bear trend bars that followed bar 10 created the third consecutive sell
climax, which had a high probability of being followed by at least a two-legged rally, but
sometimes instead there is just a two-legged sideways correction.

362
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.9
FIGURE PIV.9
Trading Ranges Leading to Reversals
Sometimes a trading range can lead to a trend reversal instead of a continuation, as
it did four times on the monthly SPY chart shown in Figure PIV.9. Reversal patterns
are discussed more fully in book 3. The purpose of this chart is to demonstrate that
trading ranges can be reversal patterns.
Bars 4, 6, and 8 or 9 were three pushes down, and the low 2 short setup that
formed two bars after bar 9 led to a higher low instead of a new low. Bars 4, 6,
and 8 were all large bear trend bars, and they therefore formed three consecutive
sell climaxes. That means that on all three bars, traders were aggressively selling at
any price instead of on pullbacks. These were traders who were desperate to sell.
Although they were mostly longs who were ﬁnally giving up, some of them were
late, weak bears who had decided that there were not going to be any signiﬁcant
pullbacks. They were upset that they had missed so much of the bear trend, and
they were determined not to miss any more, so they shorted at the market and on
small pullbacks. Once these emotional bears shorted and the emotional bulls gave
up and sold, there were very few traders left who were willing to sell at the bottom
of the bear trend. After three sell climaxes, traders would have shorted only if there
was a signiﬁcant rally that had a good short setup. They got the rally, but they did
not get a short setup until the move up went on for so long that it became a new
bull trend that lasted ﬁve years.

Figure PIV.9
TRADING RANGES
363
Bar 8 and the bar after it both had large tails on their lows. Bar 9 was a bull
reversal bar that was the second bar of a two-bar reversal, which was a reversal
bar with a tail on the bottom on a higher time frame chart. Bar 10 and the bar
before it also had prominent tails at their lows. This meant that bulls were buying
going into the close of all of these bars and they were overwhelming the bears at
this price level. The bulls thought this area was a great value for longs, and the
bears thought it was too low to short aggressively. Some traders saw bars 8, 9, and
10 as a triple bottom, and others saw it as a head and shoulders bottom. Others
thought that bars 8 and 9 formed a double bottom and bar 10 was a successful test
of the low, and some saw the move above bar 9 as a breakout and then the move
down to bar 10 as a higher low breakout pullback. It never matters what words you
use to describe what is going on as long as you see that the market is telling you that
the bulls are taking control. After three sell climaxes and such a long bear trend,
the odds favored at least a two-legged pullback to the moving average and possibly
to the beginning of the channels at bars 5 and 7. The entire move down from bar 2
was in a channel, and a bear channel is a bull ﬂag. Channels often reverse after the
third push down, so smart traders knew that this trading range from bar 8 to bar 10
might have been a reversal instead of a bear ﬂag.
The push up from bar 20 and the move down to bar 22 comprised a buy climax,
despite the bull close of bar 22. Once the market reversed down from the double
top at bar 23, the bears were hoping that bar 23 was a higher high pullback after
the bear spike down to bar 22, and they kept shorting as they tried to create a
channel or spike down. The bulls kept buying and were hoping for a trading range
and then another leg up. The bar 24 bear spike was convincing enough so that most
traders thought that lower prices were more likely than higher prices over the next
several bars.
The bulls tried again to create a bottom at bars 24, 25, and 27, but this was right
after a reversal down from a spike and channel top, which was likely to have two
legs down and test the bar 12 bottom of the channel. Also, bar 24 was the spike
down that turned the market into a probable bear swing. There was likely to be
follow-through in the form of some type of bear channel because the bar 24 break-
out below the bar 22 neckline of the double top was so strong. Bar 25 was relatively
small compared to the down bars and had a bear body. There was another spike
down to bar 27, which made the downward momentum too strong to be buying
above bar 27, especially since bar 27 was only a small doji bar and not a strong bull
reversal bar. With the momentum down being so strong, buyers would not have
been willing to buy above a lower low, but they might have been willing to buy
above a strong higher low had one formed. The buyers gave up two bars later, and
the market collapsed in sell climaxes down to bar 29 and bar 31.
The bar before bar 29, and bars 29 and 31, had large tails at the bottoms, again
showing that the buyers were aggressively buying into the close of each bar. This

364
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.9
was a small three-push-down pattern (this was clear on the daily chart), and the
spike down from bar 30 was a sell climax after a huge sell climax down to bar 29.
Consecutive sell climaxes usually lead to a pullback, at least to the moving average,
lasting at least 10 bars and having at least two legs, and sometimes they can lead
to a trend reversal. This buying was coming in just below the price level where the
bulls bought aggressively at the bottom of bars 8, 9, and 10. The market was trying
to reverse up from the breakout below that swing low, which is something that is
common in trading ranges. In fact, the entire chart was a large trading range, despite
the several strong trends that lasted as long as ﬁve years. Since most breakout
attempts fail, buying should have been expected when the market fell below the
bar 9 low.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
As shown in Figure PIV.9, traders began to ﬂip to always-in short as the market fell below
the bars 1, 2, 3 head and shoulders top. Some started shorting below the bar 3 bear
trend bar and two-bar reversal that formed the lower high. Others shorted for a variety
of reasons as the spike grew down to bar 4. Even though bar 5 was a bull reversal bar and
a breakout above a two-bar reversal, it was the ﬁrst attempt to break out above the tight
bear channel down from bar 3 and therefore was likely to fail. The bulls needed more
strength in the form of several bull trend bars before they would become aggressive.
The bears saw bar 5 as a micro channel low 1 short and were hoping for a measured
move down. The bottom at bars 8, 9, and 10 was just below a measured move down
from the open of the bar 3 start of the spike to the close of bar 4, the ﬁnal bear trend
bar in the spike. This also contributed to the proﬁt taking by the shorts in that area as
well as to the buying by the bulls.
Bar 10 was a double bottom pullback buy setup.
On the rally up to bar 11, the always-in trade ﬂipped to long for more and more
traders as the rally progressed. By the time the market paused at bar 12, just about
everyone was convinced that the bull momentum was so strong that more of a rally was
likely. Once the always-in trade ﬂips, traders should try to get into the market. If there
is no pullback, then buy at least a small position and use a wide stop, like below the
bottom of the spike. That was what the institutions were doing. They were buying in
pieces all the way up because they were not certain when a pullback would come, but
they were certain that prices would be higher in the near term and wanted to be sure to
proﬁt from the strong trend. If they had waited for a pullback, it might have occurred
after many more bull trend bars, and the entry on that pullback might have been well
above where prices were at the moment.
As a general rule, as soon as traders decide that there is now a bull trend underway,
they should buy at least a small position at the market or on a tiny pullback within the
bar or a pullback on a lower time frame chart, because the directional probability of an

Figure PIV.9
TRADING RANGES
365
equidistant move is probably at least 60 percent. For example, if they believed that the
always-in trade ﬂipped to long on that second bull trend bar after bar 10, they should
have assumed that there was at least a 60 percent chance of the market going up for a
measured move up. Traders measured the height from the bar 9 bottom to the bar 11
top of the bull spike and added that to the top of the bar 11 spike. SPY traders also
measured from the open of the ﬁrst bar of the spike (the bar after bar 10) to the close
of the second bar of the spike. If the SPY traders bought at the close of that second bull
trend bar, they would have put their stops below the low of the ﬁrst bull trend bar (one
bar earlier), and their risk would have been about 12 points. As the spike continued to
grow, the measured move target continued to grow, yet the risk would have been ﬁxed
at 12 points, and at some point they could have moved their stops to breakeven. If they
held until the market reversed down at bar 17, they would have made about 50 points
with an initial risk of 12 points, and a breakeven risk after the ﬁrst few bars following
their entry. As the trend progressed to new highs, they could have trailed their stops to
below the most recent swing low. For example, after the market rallied above bar 11,
their stops would then have been below bar 12, and they would have been protecting
about nine points of proﬁt.
After the spike grew for two or three more bars, traders could have taken some
proﬁts, moved their stops to breakeven, and assumed that the directional probability of
the spike going up for a measured move equal to its height was about 60 percent or
more before the market fell below the low of the spike.
The rally up to bar 11 was a bull spike, and the channel up to bar 17 had three
pushes and a wedge shape. This could have been the end of the channel, but the market
broke out to the upside instead of to the downside. Usually, upside breakouts of bull
channels reverse back down before about ﬁve bars, but this one continued for about 10
bars. It is common to see the market rally for a measured move up if the breakout of
a wedge top is to the upside. Bars 13, 15, and 17 formed a wedge top, and the bar 23
high was just below that measured move from the bar 12 low to the bar 17 high. Also,
bull spikes often lead to measured moves based on the open or low of the ﬁrst bar to
the close or high of the last bar. The bar 23 top of the bull leg was a measured move
up, adding the number of points between the low of bar 9 to the high of bar 11 to the
high of bar 11. Bulls usually look to take partial or complete proﬁts at measured move
targets, and aggressive bears will begin to short at that level.
Bar 23 was an expanding triangle top with bars 19 and 21.
Bars 20, 24, and 27 formed a wedge bull ﬂag, but it was weak because of the number
and size of the bear trend bars. When the market broke below the bar 27 bottom of the
wedge, it fell for more than a measured move down.
The entire rally from bar 10 to bar 23 was a bull channel and therefore a bear ﬂag.
Other traders thought that the channel began at bar 12. In both cases, traders believed
that the market should test down to at least the area of the bar 12 low. The tails on
bars 24, 25, and 27 showed that there was some buying, but the momentum down

366
TRADING RANGES
Figure PIV.9
was so strong that the bulls were unable to reverse the market. The move down from
bar 23 to bar 27 had very few bull bodies and they were relatively small, and the move
was in a relatively tight bear channel. Bulls would not have bought the ﬁrst breakout
above that bear channel and instead would have waited for a breakout pullback in the
form of a higher low, and they would have wanted to see several strong bull trend bars
before they would have been willing to become aggressive. Compare this bottom to the
top at bar 23. The market did not become always-in down until the strong, convincing
bar 24 bear breakout, and many bears would not have shorted until there was a lower
high. The market formed a low 2 lower high test of the moving average at bar 26, and
the move down was dramatic.
The inside bar after the bar 29 sell climax was a good candidate for a ﬁnal ﬂag,
especially since the breakout was another sell climax. This was another factor in the bar
31 reversal.

C H A P T E R 2 1
Example of How
to Trade a
Trading Range
W
hen the market is in a trading range, traders should be guided by the
maxim “Buy low, sell high.” Also, think of your trades as scalps and not
swings. Plan to take small proﬁts and do not hold on hoping for a break-
out. The rallies to the top usually look like they will become successful breakouts
into a bull trend, but 80 percent of them fail, and 80 percent of the strong sell-offs to
the bottom of the range fail to break out into a bear trend. Try to keep your poten-
tial reward at least as large as your risk so your winning percentage does not have
to be 70 percent or higher. Since the market is two-sided, there will often be pull-
backs after you enter and before you exit, so do not take a trade if you are unwilling
to sit through a pullback. If the market has been going up for ﬁve to 10 bars in a
trading range, it is usually far better to look only for shorts and to take proﬁts on
longs. If it has been going down for a while, look to buy or to take proﬁts on shorts.
Rarely enter on stops in the middle of the range, but it is sometimes reasonable to
enter on limit orders there.
Among the best trade setups, beginners should focus on entries that use stops
so that the market is going in their direction when they enter:
r Buying a high 2 near the bottom of the range. These are often second attempts
to reverse the market up from the bottom, like a double bottom.
r Selling a low 2 near the top of the range. These are often second attempts to
reverse the market down from the top, like a double top.
r Buying at the bottom of a trading range, especially if it is a second entry after a
break above a bear trend line.
367

368
TRADING RANGES
r Shorting at the top of a trading range, especially if it is a second entry after a
break below the bull trend line.
r Buying a wedge bull ﬂag near the bottom.
r Selling a wedge bear ﬂag near the top.
r Buying a bull reversal bar or reversal pattern like a ﬁnal ﬂag (discussed in
book 3) after a break below a swing low at the bottom of the range.
r Selling a bear reversal bar or reversal pattern like a ﬁnal ﬂag (discussed in
book 3) after a break above a swing high at the top of the range.
r Buying a breakout pullback after an upside breakout near the bottom of the
range (for example, if the market starts up and pulls back, look to buy above
the high of the prior bar).
r Selling a breakout pullback after downside breakout near the top of the range
(for example, if the market starts down and pulls back, look to sell below the
low of the prior bar).
Entering using limit orders requires more experience reading charts, because
the trader is entering in a market that is going in the opposite direction to the trade.
Some traders trade smaller positions and scale in if the market continues against
them; but only successful, experienced traders should ever attempt this. Here are
some examples of limit or market order trade setups:
r Buying a bear spike at the market or on a limit order at or below the low of the
prior swing low at the bottom of the range (entering in spikes requires a wider
stop and the spike happens quickly, so this combination is difﬁcult for many
traders).
r Selling a bull spike at the market or on a limit order at or above the high of
the prior swing high at the top of the range (entering in spikes requires a wider
stop and the spike happens quickly, so this combination is difﬁcult for many
traders).
r Buying at the close or below the low of a large bear trend bar near the bottom
of the range, since it is often an exhaustive sell climax and the end of the sell-off
in a trading range.
r Selling at the close or above the high of a large bull trend bar near the top of
the range, since it is often an exhaustive buy climax and the end of the rally in
a trading range.
r Buying at or below a low 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order at the bottom
of a trading range.
r Shorting at or above a high 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order at the top of
a trading range.
r Buying a bear close at the start of a strong bull swing.
r Selling a bull close at the start of a strong bear swing.

Figure 21.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A TRADING RANGE
369
FIGURE 21.1
Fading Extremes for Scalps in Trading Ranges
There are many ways to trade a trading range day like the one in QQQ shown in
Figure 21.1, but, in general, traders should look to fade the extremes and only scalp.
Although there are many signals, traders should not worry about catching all of
them or even most of them. All a trader needs is a few good setups a day to begin
to become proﬁtable.
I have a friend who has traded for many decades and who does extremely well
on days like this. I have watched him trade the Emini in real time, and he would
take about 15 proﬁtable one-point scalps on a day like this, all based on fades. For
example, in the bar 10 to bar 18 area, he would try to buy with limit orders below
everything, like as the market fell below bar 10, as bar 13 went below the bear
bar before it, and as bar 15 fell below the bar before it, and he would have added
on as it fell below bar 13. He would have bought more as the market dipped below
bar 15, and he would have tried to buy if the market fell below bar 12. It is important
to remember that he is a very experienced trader and has the ability to spot trades
that have a 70 to 80 percent chance of success. Very few traders have that ability,
which is why beginners should not be scalping for one point while risking about
two points. At a minimum, they should take trading range trades only where they
believe the probability of success of an equidistant move is at least 60 percent.
Since they would have to risk about two points on this chart, they should trade

370
TRADING RANGES
Figure 21.1
only if they are holding for at least a two-point proﬁt. That means that they should
look to buy near the bottom of the range and short near the top.
If traders bought near the bottom of the range, they should look to take proﬁts
near the top of the range. They should also look to initiate shorts near the top of the
range and take proﬁts on those shorts when the market moves toward the bottom
of the range. Reversing is too difﬁcult for most traders, and instead they should
use proﬁt targets for exits and then look for a trade in the opposite direction. For
example, if they bought on bar 16 as it went above the high of the prior bar and
triggered the double bottom bull ﬂag entry, they could have a sell limit order to exit
with a 10, 15, or 20 cent proﬁt on the move up to bar 20. After they exited, they
could then look for a short setup, like below the bar 22 lower high or below the
bar 24 lower high. The latter was a better setup because it had a strong bear reversal
bar and it was a double top bear ﬂag with bar 22.
So when did traders conclude that this was a trading range day? Everyone is
different, but there are often clues early on, and as more accumulate, traders be-
come more conﬁdent. There were signs of two-sided trading right from the ﬁrst bar,
and other signs accumulated on just about every following bar. The ﬁrst bar of the
day was a doji, and that increased the chances of a trading range day. The market
reversed up at bar 3 but had weak follow-through on the move up to bar 4. The ﬁrst
three bars had tails at their lows, and bar 2 overlapped about half of the prior bar.
Bar 3 was a reversal down immediately after the long entry, and the next bar was
a reversal up. The market reversed down again at bar 4 and up again at bar 5, and
down again at bar 7 at the moving average. Whenever the market has four or ﬁve
reversals in the ﬁrst hour, the odds of a trading range day increase.
Bar 6 was a strong bull trend bar but there was no follow-through. It stalled at
the moving average, and the next bar was a doji instead of another strong bull trend
bar with a close well above the moving average. The next bar was a bear trend bar,
and the two bars after also failed to close above the moving average. The bulls were
not in control, despite a strong rally, so the market was two-sided.
Bar 2 was the start of a two-bar bull spike, and it was followed by a three-push
bull channel up to bar 7. Since bar 2 was a strong bull reversal bar after a gap down
and a sell-off, it was a good opening reversal and a possible low of the day. The day
could have become a strong bull trend day but instead went sideways. However, it
never dropped below the entry bar low.
Bar 2 was the ﬁrst bar of a two-bar bull spike, and bars 4 and 7 were the second
and third pushes up in a wedge channel after the spike. A channel in a spike and
channel pattern is the ﬁrst leg of a trading range, so most traders assumed at this
point that the market would be in a trading range for at least the next 10 to 20
bars and maybe for the rest of the day. They looked to buy a two-legged sell-off
that would test the bar 3 or bar 5 low, since those bars formed the bottom of the
bull channel. Even if they believed that the day might become a trend day, they

Figure 21.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A TRADING RANGE
371
saw it as a trading range for the time being and were therefore only scalping. Their
scalping reinforced the trading range, because when lots of traders are selling near
the high and buying near the low, it is very difﬁcult for the market to break out into
a trend.
Traders would have bought above bar 2 for at least a test of the moving average.
Some traders would have shorted the bar 4 bear reversal bar at the new high of the
day, but most would have assumed that the buying pressure from the bar 2 reversal
bar, the two-bar bull spike, and the bull bar before bar 4 was strong enough for
the market to test the moving average, even if there was a pullback. Because of
this, many traders placed limit orders to buy at and below the bar 4 low, and they
would have put their protective stops below the long entry bar after bar 2 or even
below the bar 2 signal bar low. Some would have used a money stop, like around
the height of an average bar so far today, maybe 10 to 15 cents. Some traders might
have thought that the bears could have made a 10 cent scalp down from bar 4. That
would require a 12 cent move below bar 4, so they might have used a 13-tick stop.
They would have assumed that the short would have been a scalp, and therefore the
bears would have had limit orders to buy back their shorts at 11 cents below the
bar 4 low so that they could scalp out 10 cents on the shorts that they had entered
on a stop at one tick below bar 4.
Alert traders would have placed a stop order to go long above the bear entry
bar after bar 4 since they knew that the bar 4 signal bar was strong enough to entice
shorts, and those shorts would be worried about a reversal up to the moving aver-
age. They would have their protective stops above their entry bar and not look to
short again until the market reached the moving average. This made buying above
that entry bar a great long scalp.
The bulls doubted that the bar after bar 5 was a reliable short, so they placed
orders to buy one tick above, at, and below its low, expecting it to be a failed lower
high. Only the long limit orders at one tick above the low got ﬁlled, which means
that the bulls were very aggressive. The result was a strong bull trend bar up to
the moving average. This was a strong bull breakout, but traders wondered why
it stopped at the moving average instead of going far above. They needed to see
immediate follow-through or they would suspect that this was going to be a failed
breakout above the opening high. Maybe bar 6 was just a buy vacuum caused by
the strong traders temporarily stepping aside. If they assumed that the market was
going to test the moving average, it made no sense for them to sell just below the
moving average. The absence of strong bulls and bears allowed the market to race
up. However, once the market reached the area where they thought it was likely to
stop, they appeared out of nowhere and sold aggressively, overwhelming the weak
bulls. The strong bulls sold out of their longs for a proﬁt, and the strong bears sold
to initiate new shorts. Bears who saw the day as a likely trading range day would
have had limit orders to sell as bar 6 moved above the moving average, while others

372
TRADING RANGES
Figure 21.1
would have shorted its close. Some would have been willing to scale in higher,
especially after the weak follow-through on the next bar.
As the market traded down, it was clear to most traders that both the bulls
and the bears were strong and that the market was likely to remain two-sided as
both sides fought for control. This meant that a trading range was likely. When the
market got near the top, the bulls became concerned that it was too expensive to
buy and the bears saw it as a great value to short. This made the market fall. The
bears who were eager to short near the top were not interested in shorting near
the bottom, so selling dried up. The bulls who were willing to buy in the middle
saw the bottom of the range as an even better value; they bought there aggressively,
lifting the market back up.
Bears were willing to short below the bar 7 test of the moving average. If the
bulls were strong, there should have been a strong move above the moving aver-
age and not this stall. Bar 7 made bar 6 look more like exhaustion than a strong
breakout. Other bears shorted below the bar 8 ii pattern or below the bear bar that
followed bar 7. The two-bar bear spike from the ii was reasonably strong, but it had
a tail at its low, indicating some buying. At this point, the market had a strong spike
up from the low of the day to bar 7 and now a strong spike down. Traders were
expecting a trading range.
Bar 9 was a bull trap. Most traders saw the doji inside bar before it as a bad buy
signal after the bear spike, and many placed limit orders to go short at the high of
the doji bar. They were looking for a pullback to the area of the bottom of the bull
channel around the bar 5 low. This was also in the area of the bar 2 signal bar high,
which was a magnet for a breakout test. The bulls wanted a double bottom bull ﬂag
to develop in the bar 3 or bar 5 low area, but they also wanted the original entry bar
low to hold (the low of the bar after bar 2). Otherwise, they would have probably
given up on the belief that there was still a chance of a bull trend day.
Bar 10 was the third push down from the bar 7 high, and it was a strong bull
trend bar. Bulls were concerned that the move down was in a tight channel and that
the ﬁrst breakout attempt might fail. Many bulls would have waited for a breakout
pullback before buying. Some who did buy bought a smaller position, in case the
market traded down closer to the bar 3 low, and they planned to buy more on a
second signal up, which they got at bar 12. Others thought that many traders would
have a 10 cent stop on their longs, so they placed a limit order to buy more 10 cents
down, exactly where those weak bulls would be exiting. They then would put a
protective stop on their entire position at maybe 10 more cents down, below the
entry bar after bar 2, or even below bar 2. The traders who were willing to risk to a
new low of the day might have traded even smaller to allow for a second scaled-in
long about 10 cents below their ﬁrst.
The bar 12 bull reversal bar was an approximate double bottom with the bar 3
or bar 5 low, and it was a second signal. This made it a high 2 near the bottom of

Figure 21.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A TRADING RANGE
373
the trading range. It was the fourth push down from the high of the day, and some
traders saw it as a high 4 bull ﬂag. The bear spike down after bar 8 was the ﬁrst push
down for many traders, and bar 12 was the third. Many spike and channel patterns
end in a third push like this and then try for a two-legged rally to test the top of the
bear channel, which was around the bar 9 high. Some traders thought that the move
down to bar 12 was in too tight a channel to buy, and they would have waited for
a clear second signal. Many would not have bought until they got a relatively small
bar near the bar 12 low. These traders could have bought on bar 16 for the double
bottom bull ﬂag. Bar 14 was strong enough to break above the bear channel, and
then the market had a two-legged pullback. Bar 16 was also the entry for a wedge
bull ﬂag where bar 10 was the ﬁrst push down and bar 12 was the second. Others
saw bar 13 as the ﬁrst push down and bar 15 as the second. It was also a descending
triangle, and bar 16 was the breakout to the upside. Since it was a strong breakout
bar, traders were looking to buy a breakout pullback. They would have limit orders
to buy at or below the low of the prior bar and they would have been ﬁlled on
bar 18. Others would have bought the close of the bear bar 17 since they thought
that a breakout pullback and a higher low were more likely than a failed breakout
and a move below the bar 16 bottom of the trading range.
Traders used that same logic and bought below the bar after bar 12, believing
that it was a bad low 2 short since it was at the bottom of the trading range, and
it was after the second reversal up where both reversals had good buying pressure
(good bull reversal bars). Some would have bought on the close of the bear bar after
bar 12 or on the bear close of bar 13, expecting the bar 12 low to hold. Others would
have bought above bar 13, thinking that there were trapped bears and therefore the
market could move up quickly as the bears covered.
Since this was a tight trading range, it was an area where both the bulls and the
bears saw value. Both were comfortable initiating trades there. In an established
area of value for both the bulls and the bears, breakouts usually cannot go too far
before the market gets pulled back into the range. It has a strong magnetic pull, and
bears will short more heavily above, while bulls will buy more heavily below.
Bar 18 was a large bull trend bar that broke out above the trading range of the
past hour or so. However, since the overall day was in a larger trading range and
the market was now in the middle of that larger range, traders were hesitant to
buy. This resulted in the ii pattern. Some traders bought the bar 12 close and the
breakout above bar 12. Others bought during the ii and above the bar 19 bull inside
bar. Traders tried to buy on limit orders at and below the low of the inside bar after
bar 18 but they did not get ﬁlled. This made them more willing to buy the breakout
above bar 19. They saw that their buy orders did not get ﬁlled below and thought
that this was a sign of urgency by the bulls.
The bar 18 breakout spike was followed by a small parabolic climax to
bar 20 where a two-bar reversal down set up. The entry was below the lower of

374
TRADING RANGES
Figure 21.1
the two bars and it was not triggered until three bars later. Traders who believed
that the day was a trading range day were looking to short a strong rally to near
the high of the day. Bar 21 was a small doji and therefore a weak high 1 buy setup,
especially after a buy climax. Bears shorted above its high. Others shorted below
bar 22, where the bulls were selling out of their longs. They had bought at the top
of a trading range, hoping for a bull breakout, and when it did not happen, they
were quick to exit. As they did, they triggered the two-bar reversal short at the
bar 20 high.
The market fell to the moving average and formed a high 2 buy signal with a
bull reversal bar. This is a very reliable setup in a bull trend, but most traders still
saw the day as a trading range day. Many bought above bar 23 with the hope that
the day would become a bull trend, but they planned to exit quickly if there was
not a strong bull breakout. They were concerned that the bar after bar 23 was a doji
inside bar, because they wanted a sense of urgency, not hesitation.
They exited their longs, and bears shorted below the bar 24 bear reversal bar,
which formed a double top bear ﬂag with bar 22. Some saw it as a low 2 short with
bar 22 and others saw it as a wedge top where bar 20 was the ﬁrst push up and
bar 22 was the second.
There was a strong bear spike to the bottom of the trading range, but bar 25 had
a small bear body, indicating hesitation. The bulls were unable to create a break-
out, and the result was only a trading range. The trading range failed to resist the
magnetic pull of the bar 10 to 16 tight trading range. If this was a strong bear trend,
the market would not have hesitated once it got back into the tight trading range
from earlier in the day. Instead, it would have fallen below it in a series of strong
bear trend bars. This told traders that the bears were not strong and that this might
just be a sell vacuum. Strong traders might have stepped aside, expecting a test
of the bottom of the range. Once the market got there, they began buying aggres-
sively and relentlessly, the bulls initiating new longs and the bears taking proﬁts on
their shorts. They were determined to keep the market above the trading range low.
Bar 26 was a high 2 at the bottom of the trading range and a strong bull reversal bar.
Bar 25 was the high 1 setup. The bars 25 and 26 area formed a double bottom bull
ﬂag with the bars 12 to 16 area. This second bottom was also the breakout pullback
from the bar 10 to bar 17 tight trading range.
Bar 26 had good follow-through on the next bar, and traders expected this test
down to fail. Some bought the close of the bar 27 bear trend bar. Others placed
limit orders to buy at and below the bar 27 low. The buying was so aggressive that
the market could not even get to the bar 27 low. Alert traders saw this and quickly
placed orders to buy on a stop above the bar 27 high. This resulted in a breakout
formed by two bull trend bars.
Bar 28 was a bear inside bar, but the move up from bar 26 was in a tight channel
so the ﬁrst attempt down should fail. Bulls placed limit orders to buy at and below

Figure 21.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A TRADING RANGE
375
the low of bar 28. The move down to bar 26 was a large two-legged move where
bar 23 ended the ﬁrst leg. This was a large bull ﬂag, and the move up to bar 28 was
the breakout. Bar 29 was the pullback from that breakout, and it was also the failed
breakout of the bottom of the micro channel from bar 26 to bar 28.
Bar 30 was a dueling lines pattern, and bulls took proﬁts as the market went
above the two lines, creating the tail at the top. Others exited on the weak close
and still others below the bar 31 two-bar reversal top.
Bar 31 was a doji and therefore a weak high 1 signal bar. Also, the spike from
bar 26 to bar 30 was not strong enough to be buying a second high 1 (bar 29 was
the ﬁrst), and the day was a trading range day, not a clear bull trend day. Bears saw
this as a bad high 1 at the top of a trading range and they shorted at the bar 31 high.
Other bears shorted below the bar 32 bear reversal bar. Some saw bars 30 and
31 as a two-bar reversal and others ignored bar 31 and saw bars 30 and 32 as a
two-bar reversal. It was also a micro double top. The market went up on bar 30,
down on bar 31, then up again on bar 32, and then down by the close of the bar.
The market also made three pushes up on the day where bars 7 and 20 were the
ﬁrst two, so the day was a large triangle. The entry bar after bar 32 broke below the
bull trend line from bars 26 and 29 (although not shown), and the market sold off
sharply into the close on the second bar below the trend line.
There were many bull triangles between bars 10 and 16. Since the pattern was
forming above the bottom of the bull spike up to bar 7, many traders thought that
there might be a channel up that would test the bar 7 high at a minimum. There
were also several bull spikes in this trading range, creating buying pressure and
evidence for the bulls that the market was trying to form a higher low. Since none
of the triangles was perfectly clear, not all traders agreed that any one was strong
enough to make the market always-in long. Bars 10, 12, and 16 were three pushes
down and formed a descending triangle. Bars 13, 15, and 16 were also three pushes
down and a triangle. Some traders thought of it as a wedge bull ﬂag. Another wedge
bull ﬂag was formed by the bear bar that formed two bars after bar 14, bar 15,
and bar 16.


C H A P T E R 2 2
Tight
Trading Ranges
A
tight trading range is a common pattern that has been called many different
things, but none of the terms is adequately descriptive. It is any sideways
channel of two or more bars with lots of overlap in the bars, multiple rever-
sals, many dojis, prominent tails, and both bull and bear bodies, and it can extend
for a dozen or more bars. Most stop entries result in losses and should be avoided.
If the average daily range in the Emini has been about 10 to 15 points, then any
trading range that is three points tall or smaller is probably a tight trading range. A
range of four and sometimes ﬁve points can sometimes behave like a tight trading
range as well if the bars are large.
The bulls and the bears are in balance, and traders are waiting for a break-
out and then the market’s reaction after the breakout. Will the breakout continue,
maybe after a small pullback, or will the pullback grow into a reversal and soon be
followed by a breakout through the opposite side of the trading range? Just because
the market is sideways, do not assume that the institutions have mostly stopped
trading. The volume within each bar usually remains high, although less than that
of the bars of the trend that preceded it. The bulls and the bears are both aggres-
sively initiating new trades as they both ﬁght to create a breakout in their direction.
Some traders are scalping in and out, but others are adding to their positions and
eventually reach their maximum size. Eventually one side wins and the other side
gives up, and a new trend leg begins. For example, if there is a tight trading range
that lasts a long time and many bulls have reached a position size that they do not
want to exceed, then when the market begins to test the bottom of the range, there
are not enough bulls left to lift the market back to the middle or top of the range.
The market then begins to break to the downside, and these bulls who cannot or
377

378
TRADING RANGES
will not increase the size of their large positions only hope that there are other bulls
with enough buying power to reverse the bear breakout. With each new lower tick,
more bulls sell out of their longs and take their losses, and they will not consider
buying again for at least several more bars. This selling pushes the market down
further, causing more bulls to sell out with losses. The selling can accelerate as the
remaining bulls give up, sell out, and wait for another possible bottom. This process
occurs in all trading ranges, and also contributes to the late breakouts in trending
trading range days. For example, if there is an upside breakout, it is in part because
there are too many bears who are no longer able or willing to increase the size
of their positions, and not enough left to resist the next test of the top of the range.
The market breaks out, and the bears begin to buy back their shorts and become
unwilling to sell again for at least several bars. The lack of selling by the bears,
along with their buying as they cover their shorts, creates a one-sided market that
forces the remaining bears to buy back their shorts. This short covering, along with
buying by the bulls, often leads to a protracted bull swing.
Failed breakouts and reversals are common. It is usually better not to enter
on the breakout; instead, wait for strong follow-through and then enter at the mar-
ket, or wait for a breakout pullback and then enter in the direction of the trend,
or wait for a failed breakout and then enter in the opposite direction. Although no
one knows what algorithms are being used by the quants at high-frequency trad-
ing (HFT) ﬁrms, the huge volume taking place and the small moves with lots of
reversals could easily be the result of programs trying to scalp one to four ticks
repeatedly. The mathematicians do not need to even look at a chart. They design
programs to capitalize on small movements, and a tight trading range looks like a
perfect environment for a smart programmer.
Every pullback in a tight trading range is due to a micro buy or sell vacuum,
just as occurs near the top and bottom of all trading ranges. Many bulls and bears
will look to buy at a certain number of ticks below the high, whereas others will
look to buy at a certain number of ticks below the low of the prior bar. These are
traders who want to buy, but not at the current price. The bears want to buy back
their short scalps, and the bulls want to initiate buy scalps. The absence of these
buyers at the current price causes the market to get sucked down. Once it reaches
their price, they suddenly buy aggressively, causing the reversal up. The bears take
proﬁts on their shorts and the bulls initiate longs. Once the market gets near the
top of the range, the process reverses. The bulls sell out of their long scalps as they
take proﬁts, and the bears initiate new shorts. This same process occurs in every
type of channel, whether it is horizontal (like a tight trading range) or sloped (like
a channel after a spike).
The math is against a trader entering and exiting on stops in a tight trading
range, but determining when the trader’s equation is favorable for a limit order
entry is too difﬁcult for most traders. The best choice for most traders is simply to

TIGHT TRADING RANGES
379
wait for the breakout and then decide if it is likely to succeed or fail, and then to
look for trades. This is the same for a tight channel, which is just a sloping tight
trading range. Although the market spends most of its time in channels, whether
they are sideways trading ranges or sloping channels, trading within a channel is
especially difﬁcult when the channel is tight. When a channel or trading range is
tight, only the most consistently proﬁtable traders should trade, and these traders
will enter using limit orders. Most traders should enter almost exclusively on stops.
Since that is exactly the opposite way to trade tight channels, most traders should
not trade them. Instead, they should simply wait for a spike or for a broader channel
before trading again.
A tight trading range is usually a continuation pattern, but if it forms after a cli-
mactic reversal, even a small one, the market has an equal probability of breaking
out in either direction. This is because the climactic reversal has generated momen-
tum in the opposite direction and you will not know whether this opposite momen-
tum will continue and lead to a breakout or the momentum of the prior trend will
resume. Absent a climactic reversal, if a tight trading range forms after a trend leg,
the probability that the breakout will be in the direction of the trend can be as high
as 55 percent if the trend was strong. However, it is probably never higher than that,
or else the market would not have formed the tight trading range. If the trend was
less strong, the probability might be only 53 percent. Even if the market breaks out
against the trend, the pattern usually evolves into a larger trading range, and the
odds still ultimately favor a with-trend breakout. Remember, all trading ranges are
just pullbacks on higher time frame charts. However, if a trader enters in the direc-
tion of the trend during a tight trading range and uses a very wide stop, allowing for
the evolution into a taller trading range, the trader’s equation becomes difﬁcult to
determine. The risk, reward, and probability become hard to assess, and whenever
that is the case, it is better not to trade. Therefore, using a wide stop and holding
for a long time is usually not a good strategy. If a trader enters with the trend in
a tight trading range, expecting the trend to resume, but the market breaks out in
the wrong direction, it is usually better to exit and wait for a larger trading range to
develop before trying again to take a with-trend swing trade.
Because a tight trading range is a trading range, the chance of the market sell-
ing off when it is near the top of the range or rallying when it is near the bottom
of the range is 60 percent or higher. However, because the range is tight, there is
usually not enough room to make a proﬁtable trade and, therefore, this probability
is meaningless. It is better to just assume that the probability of the breakout being
to the upside is 51 to 55 percent if the range followed a bull leg, and that the proba-
bility of the breakout being to the downside is 51 to 55 percent if the range followed
a bear leg.
A tight trading range trumps everything, and that especially means all of the
great reasons for taking any trade. It does not matter what else you see on the chart.

380
TRADING RANGES
Once the market enters a tight trading range, the market is telling you that it has
lost its direction and that the probability of the breakout in either direction is never
more than about 55 percent. Since it is still a trading range, there is a slightly greater
chance that the trend that preceded it will resume, but traders should assume that
the odds are still only between 51 and 55 percent, depending on how strong the
prior trend was and whether there was a strong reversal prior to the tight trading
range. A tight trading range is made of lots of reversals, and each comes from a
failed breakout attempt. There will be many “great” buy and sell signal bars, and
some will have strong supporting logic. For example, if there is a great short signal
that triggers, but the market forms an even better bull reversal bar within a bar or
two, the bulls might think that the bears were trapped by a strong signal and will
therefore be unwilling to short again for at least a couple of bars. This means that
there are fewer bears near-term and the market has a high probability of having
a successful bull breakout that runs for several bars. The logic is sound, but you
need to go back to the mantra, “A tight trading range trumps everything.” This in-
cludes every wonderful, logical reason you have for taking a trade. The reversals
show that the institutions are selling on limit orders above bars and buying on limit
orders below bars. Your job is to follow what they are doing, and you should never
do the opposite. Entering and exiting on stops in a tight trading range is a losing
strategy. Since you cannot proﬁtably scalp for one to three ticks in a tight trading
range the way the high frequency trading ﬁrms are doing, you have to wait. They
create most of the volume in these tight ranges, and they are trading in ways that
you cannot trade proﬁtably. You have to wait, which can be extremely difﬁcult to
do. Sometimes a tight trading range can extend to 20 or more bars, and it then
truly becomes a setup with no predictive value. Since guessing is never a sensible
approach to trading, price action traders have to wait for the breakout before de-
ciding what to do. In the majority of cases, there is a failure within a bar or two of
the breakout, and the odds of a proﬁtable trade are higher if you base your entry on
the failure rather than on the breakout. In most cases, the reversal attempt fails and
becomes a breakout pullback. Once there is a pullback from the breakout, enter in
the direction of the breakout on a stop as the breakout resumes. In a bull breakout,
wait for the pullback bar to close and then enter on a buy stop at one tick above its
high. If the expected pullback bar instead leads to a reversal and plunges through
the opposite side of the tight trading range, or if one of the next couple of bars falls
through the bottom of the range, you can enter short on a stop at one tick below
the tight trading range, or you can wait for a breakout pullback to short.
Because the move after the breakout from a protracted tight trading range on a
trading range day is often not strong, the market frequently remains largely trend-
less for the rest of the day. However, the market behaves very differently if there
was a strong trend leading up to the tight trading range, because the day will often
become a trend resumption day. Here, there is a strong trend for the ﬁrst hour or so

TIGHT TRADING RANGES
381
and then a tight trading range that can last for several hours, and ﬁnally a breakout
from the range in the direction of the original trend. This breakout often leads to
a second trend that will be about the same number of points as the ﬁrst leg. Less
often, the breakout will be in the opposite direction and reverse most or all of the
earlier trend.
Tight trading ranges usually have setups in both directions within them, but
most traders should not take any trades once they believe that the market has en-
tered a tight trading range. If they just entered a position and the pattern grows into
a tight trading range, the best option is to try to get out at breakeven or maybe with
a tick loss, and then wait for the breakout before deciding on your next trade. For
example, if traders shorted because they thought there was a 60 percent chance
that the market would fall 10 ticks before rallying 10 ticks but now the market is
in a tight trading range, the math has changed. The traders now have only about
a 50 percent chance of success, and as long as their risk and potential reward
are unchanged, they now have a losing strategy. Their best recourse is to exit at
breakeven and, if they are lucky, they might be able to get out with a tick or two
of proﬁt.
No matter what patterns you see, and there are always great-looking ones as
they are setting up, you have to factor in the probability, which is 50 percent for
an equidistant move. You can trade proﬁtably only if the chance of winning times
the potential reward is signiﬁcantly greater than the chance of losing times the risk,
but since a tight trading range is such a strong magnet, the moves are small within
it, breakouts usually fail, and even when a breakout succeeds, it usually does not
go far before the range sucks the market back into it. This makes the chance of
making two or three times your risk very small; therefore, any breakout strategy,
like buying above a bar or shorting below a bar, will lose over time.
Since a tight trading range is a channel, it can be traded like any other channel,
but because the moves are small and take many bars to reach a proﬁt target, it
is very tedious, and most traders should avoid any trading once they believe that
the market has entered a tight trading range. Sometimes a tight trading range has
enough points from top to bottom to short a small bear reversal bar at the top for
a scalp or to buy above a small bull trend bar at the bottom. Aggressive traders are
buying below the low of the prior bar or shorting above the high of the prior bar,
and are scalping out with a small proﬁt. If there was a trend leading up to the tight
trading range, the with-trend trades are more likely to be winners and a part can
be held for a swing. For example, if the market enters a tight trading range after a
strong rally and the range is holding just above the moving average, bulls will be
buying below the lows of the prior bars. Although they can scalp out near the top
of the range, they can also hold a part of their position for a swing up. Other traders
(mostly HFT ﬁrms) scale into longs below the middle of the range and every one
or two ticks lower. Shorts sell above the middle of the range and every tick or two

382
TRADING RANGES
higher. Both take proﬁts around the middle of the range, exiting at breakeven on
their earliest entry and with a proﬁt on their later entries.
Since traders should focus on only the very best setups, they should always
avoid the worst; and a tight trading range is the worst. Tight trading ranges are the
single biggest problem for beginning traders and by far the most important obsta-
cle that prevents them from trading proﬁtably. For example, new traders remember
that bar counts have been very reliable during the trends of the past few days so
they start using them for entries within the range, expecting a breakout soon, but
one never comes. They see every reversal as a new signal, and each one looks good
at the time they place their order. There might be a strong bear reversal bar break-
ing out of a good-looking low 2 short setup. But it is still within the tight trading
range and follows 14 bars that overlap, and the moving average is ﬂat. Within the
range, there might have been six prior reversals and none moved far enough to
make even a scalper’s proﬁt. After an hour or so, the traders become depressed
because they see that they have just lost on six consecutive trades. Even though
the losses were small, they are now down seven points and there is only an hour
remaining in the day. In a couple of hours, they gave back everything that they had
earned over the past three days, and they promise themselves that they will never
make that mistake again. Invariably, though, they do it again in two days, and then
at least a couple of times a week for months until there is too little margin left in
their accounts to trade.
That original money in their accounts was a gift to themselves. They were giv-
ing themselves an opportunity to see if they could create a new, wonderful life
for themselves and their families. However, they repeatedly allowed themselves to
break the most important rule in trading by trading within a tight trading range.
They were arrogant to believe that their ability to read the market was strong. After
all, they had made money for three consecutive days, and they had to be skillful
to accomplish that. They believed that a winner was overdue after six consecutive
losers, so the law of averages was on their side. Instead, they should have accepted
the reality that a winner is never overdue, and the market usually continues to do
what it just did. That means a seventh loser is more likely than a winner, and there
will not likely be very good trading for the rest of the day. Yes, they traded those
big swings of the past few days extremely well, but the character of the market
changes from day to day, and that requires you to change your approach.
Traders often do not accept that the market has entered a tight trading range
until they lose on two or three signals within four or ﬁve bars, and even once they
do, they make even more costly mistakes. There is a natural tendency to assume
that nothing can last forever and that every behavior regresses toward a mean.
If the market has three or four losing trades, surely the odds favor that the next
one will be a winner. It’s just like ﬂipping a coin, isn’t it? Unfortunately, that is
not how markets behave. When a market is trending, most attempts to reverse fail.

TIGHT TRADING RANGES
383
When it is in a trading range, most attempts to break out fail. This is the opposite
of coin ﬂips, where the odds are always 50–50. In trading, the odds are more like
70 percent or better that what just happened will continue to happen again and
again. Because of the coin ﬂip logic, most traders at some point begin to consider
game theory.
The ﬁrst idea that they consider is a martingale approach where they double or
triple the size of their next trade after each loss. If they try it, they soon see that the
martingale approach is really the martingale paradox. If you start with one contract
and then after a loss you trade two contracts, and you keep doubling your position
size after each consecutive losing trade, you know that eventually you will win.
Once you do, that large ﬁnal bet will recover all of your earlier losses and bring you
back to breakeven. Better yet, triple the size of your trade after each loser so that
once you ﬁnally win, you will end up with a net proﬁt, despite your earlier losses.
Martingale approaches are mathematically sound but paradoxically impossible to
apply. Why is that? If you start with one contract and double after six consecutive
losses, you would then be trading 32 contracts. If you trade every reversal, you
will have six consecutive losers at least once a week and often more than six. The
paradox is that a trader who is comfortable trading one contract would never trade
32 contracts, and a trader who is comfortable trading 32 contracts would never
start with one.
Traders next consider waiting for three (or even more) consecutive losers be-
fore taking a trade because they believe that a string of four consecutive losing
scalps does not happen too often. In fact, it happens almost every day, and the mar-
ket often has six or even more consecutive reversals that fail; when that happens,
the market is always in a tight trading range. Once they discover just how common
six or seven consecutive losers are, they abandon that approach.
Once you see that the market is in a tight trading range, don’t trade. Instead,
simply wait for good swings to return, and they will, usually by the next day. Your
job is not to place trades. It has to be to make money, and you cannot make money
every month if you continue to lose more than you make. If the market appears
to be swinging up and down and you take a trade, but the market then begins to
form small, overlapping dojis within the next few bars, assume that the market is
entering a tight trading range, especially if it is now the middle third of the day. Try
to get out at breakeven or with a small loss and just wait for swings to return, even
if you have to wait until tomorrow. You cannot afford to give back money based on
the assumption that losers are part of trading. You must restrict your trading to the
very best setups, even if that means that you don’t trade for hours at a time.
An alternative to trying to get out at breakeven is to hold but use a wide stop
beyond the range, but this is a less sound approach mathematically. The worst al-
ternative is to take several entries within the pattern and sustain losses, even small
ones. If you bought in a tight trading range in a bear trend and the market formed

384
TRADING RANGES
a low 2, you should exit and possibly reverse to short. If you shorted in that bear
tight trading range and the market then formed a high 2, you should exit and pos-
sibly reverse to long, but only if the signal bar is a bull bar at the bottom of the
range and there is enough room to the top of the pattern for a scalper’s proﬁt.
However, this is rarely a good trade and only very experienced traders should at-
tempt it. It is very difﬁcult to watch the market for a couple of hours and not take
a trade, but that is far better than incurring three or four losses and running out
of time in the day to get back to breakeven. Be patient. Good setups will return
before long.
An important type of tight trading range usually occurs in the middle of the
day, in the middle of the day’s range, and usually near the moving average, but
it can occur at any time and in any location. It is called barbwire because of the
spiky appearance of the large dojis and tails. If you see three or more bars that
largely overlap and one or more of them has a tiny body (doji), this is barbwire.
As a guide for how much overlap is enough, look at the second of the three bars.
Usually the bars are relatively large, which signiﬁes more emotion and more un-
certainty. If more than half of its height is within the range of the bars before and
after it, you should view the three bars as barbwire. Until you are a strong trader,
don’t touch barbwire or you will be hurt. The small body indicates that the market
moved away from the bar’s open, but traders with an opposite opinion moved it
back by the close of the bar. Also, sideways bars where one bar overlaps much of
the prior bar mean that no one is in control of the market, so you should not bet on
the direction.
As with all trading ranges, the odds favor a with-trend breakout, but barbwire
is notorious for sharp whipsaws and repeated losses for overly eager breakout
traders. Barbwire often has both a failed low 2 and a failed high 2 before there
is a successful breakout. In general, when barbwire forms adjacent to the moving
average, it will usually break out in the direction away from the moving average.
So if it forms just above the moving average, the odds favor a bull breakout, and
if it forms just below the moving average, there will usually be a bear breakout. In
the less common situation where it is straddling the moving average, you have to
look to other aspects of price action to ﬁnd tradable setups. Since all tight trading
ranges are areas of agreement between the bulls and the bears, most breakouts
fail. In fact, when a tight trading range occurs in a trend, it often becomes the ﬁnal
ﬂag in the trend, and the breakout often reverses back into the tight trading range.
The reversal usually leads to at least a two-legged pullback and sometimes even a
trend reversal.
It is important to consider the move just prior its formation. If the barbwire
develops in a pullback to the moving average but stays mostly on the with-trend
side of the moving average, it is just part of the pullback and there will usually
be a with-trend breakout. For example, if there is a 10-bar pullback to the moving

TIGHT TRADING RANGES
385
average in a bull trend and then barbwire forms, with several bars poking through
the moving average, but the pattern is mostly above the moving average, look for
a bull breakout. Even though you might want to consider the 10-bar move down to
the moving average as a new bear trend, if the pattern is mostly above the moving
average, the bulls are in control and it is likely just the end of a bull pullback to the
moving average.
However, if the pullback goes through the moving average and then the barb-
wire forms mostly on the opposite side of the moving average, this pullback has
enough strength so that either a second leg is likely or you misread the chart and
the trend might have already reversed. In either case, the breakout will likely be in
the direction of the move that led to the pattern, rather than in the direction of the
larger move that was in effect prior to this moving average pullback. For example,
if there was a bear trend and now there is a 10-bar rally that poked above the mov-
ing average and is forming barbwire that is mostly above the moving average, the
odds favor a bull breakout. The barbwire is a bull ﬂag in the move up and not
the end of a bear ﬂag in the larger move down.
As difﬁcult as barbwire can be to trade, if you analyze the bars carefully, expe-
rienced traders can trade it effectively. This is important because it is sometimes
followed by a protracted trend move, especially when it is acting as a breakout
pullback. For example, suppose the market is selling off to the bottom of a trading
range and barbwire forms; if a low 2 develops just below the moving average and
the signal bar is a strong bear reversal bar, this can be a strong short setup. The
odds favor a successful breakout if the tails within the barbwire are not too promi-
nent, there was a strong reversal at the top of this bear leg, and there are reasonable
targets well below the barbwire.
Sometimes barbwire forms at the end of a several-bar spike in the ﬁrst hour.
When it happens in an area of support in a bull trend, it can become a reversal
pattern and the low of the day. When this happens after a bull spike in the ﬁrst
hour at an area of resistance, it can become the high of the day. Barbwire less often
forms reversal patterns later in the day.
The cardinal rule for trading in barbwire is to never enter on a breakout. In-
stead, wait for a trend bar to break out of the pattern. The trend bar is the ﬁrst
sign of conviction but, since the market has been two-sided, the odds are high that
the breakout will fail, so be ready to fade it. For example, if there is a bull trend
bar that breaks out to the upside by more than a couple of ticks, as soon as the
bull trend bar closes, place an order to go short at one tick below the low of that
breakout bar. Sometimes this short entry will fail, so once short and once the entry
bar closes, place an order to reverse to long at one tick above the high of the short
entry bar, which would become a breakout pullback buy entry. It is unusual for the
second entry to fail. Do not fade the breakout if it has two or more consecutive
trend bars, because that increases the odds that the breakout will be successful.

386
TRADING RANGES
This means that any attempt to reverse back into the barbwire will probably fail
and set up a breakout pullback. Once the market begins to form trend bars, either
the bulls or the bears will soon be in control. When a with-trend breakout fails
within a few bars and the market reverses, the barbwire is then the ﬁnal ﬂag of the
prior trend.
You can also fade small bars near the top and bottom of barbwire if there is
an entry. For example, if there is a small bar near the high, especially if it is a bear
reversal bar, look to scalp a short with an entry order to sell at one tick below the
low of that bar on a stop. You can also look for 3 minute small bars to fade as well.
You should rarely, if ever, fade off 1 minute bars, because the 3 and 5 minute bars
provide better winning percentages.
Since barbwire can have many spikes before there is a successful breakout,
experienced traders sometimes place limit orders to buy below the low of the prior
bar if that low is near the bottom of the range but not if it is in the middle or top
of the range. Bears will short above the high of the prior bar with an entry near
the top of the range, rather than at the high of a prior bar where the high is in
the bottom half of the range. The more prominent the spikes are, the more likely
this is to work. Also, it is more effective if the bars are at least as large as the
average bars of the day. If the bars are too small and the range is too tight, then
the odds of a successful scalp are less, and traders should wait to place trades.
This is tedious work, and most experienced traders usually wait for moves with a
higher probability of success and more proﬁt potential. Since the volume is often
good within barbwire, high-frequency trading ﬁrms are likely active, as they are in
all tight trading ranges, scalping for one to three ticks. Computers do not get tired,
so tedium is not an issue for them.
If barbwire is at the end of a pullback to the moving average in a strong trend,
you need to take the second entry in the direction of that strong trend. For example,
if there is a pullback to the moving average in a bull trend, you would buy a high 2
even if it is forming within barbwire. This is especially true if the signal bar is a
bull reversal bar and if dojis and tails are not too prominent in the barbwire. You
must look at the entire chart and see the bull trend. Do not simply look at the prior
10 bars and conclude that the market is now in a bear swing, which is not realistic
if the market is holding above a rising moving average in a strong bull trend.
Whenever you are not certain, the best course is always to wait, which is dif-
ﬁcult to do when you feel like an entry is overdue. However, that is what a smart
trader always does because it simply does not make sense to trade low-probability
setups. One very good rule is that if there is a trading range setting up and it is near
the moving average, never look to buy if the bars are mostly below the moving av-
erage, and never look to sell if the bars are mostly above the moving average. This
one rule will save you an enormous amount of money over the years.

TIGHT TRADING RANGES
387
Micro channels sometimes have barbwire behavior. For example, on a bear
trend day, it is common to see a small rally within a micro channel. Then there might
be a downside breakout that fails within a bar or two. This is not a buy setup since
it almost always will be below a falling moving average on a bear trend day and you
need to be looking for short setups only when the market rallies for ﬁve to 10 bars.
Wait for the failed breakout to form a higher high or a lower high breakout pullback
and then look to go short below that bar. You will be shorting exactly where the
trapped bulls who bought above the bar that broke below the bull channel will be
taking their losses. These patterns often have tails and can be barbwire, and they
trap countertrend traders, just like barbwire.

388
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.1
FIGURE 22.1
Tight Trading Range
By bar 4 in Figure 22.1, it was clear that the market had entered a tight trading
range. Bar 1 was the second attempt to reverse down within three bars and was
followed by the bar 2 attempt to reverse up in a two-bar reversal. Three changes in
direction within ﬁve bars are a strong sign that the market was now strongly two-
sided. When the market formed a small doji after bar 3, traders had to suspect that
it was likely entering a tight trading range. When the next two bars were also dojis,
a tight trading range was in effect.
Both bars 5 and 6 failed to break out of the top, and the tight trading range
evolved into a triangle, which is also usually a with-trend pattern. Since the last
trend was up from the low of the day, an upside breakout was likely, especially
since all of the bars were holding above the moving average. After two failed break-
outs, the odds were much higher that a third breakout would succeed. Also, bar
7 was a high 2 pullback from the bar 5 high, which had some momentum. An ag-
gressive trader would have bought the high 2.

Figure 22.1
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
389
The next logical buy was a breakout above the high 2 of bar 5, the ﬁrst failed
breakout. You could also have bought at one or two cents above the high of the
day. In general, buying a tight trading range breakout is a low-probability trade.
However, the trading range followed a strong bull reversal off the low of the day,
and the market could not close more than a tick below the moving average for two
hours, which indicated that the bulls were very strong.
The highest-probability entry was the ﬁrst pullback at bar 9, which reversed up
after taking out the bear reversal bar’s low by only one tick, trapping shorts in and
longs out.
Another high-probability buy was the high 2 at the moving average at bar 10.
The entry was above bar 10, the second bar of the two-bar reversal. There was a
breakout of the bear micro channel two bars earlier, so bar 10 was also a lower low
breakout pullback buy setup. High-probability trades often result in smaller gains,
but by deﬁnition they usually have a much higher chance of success.

390
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.2
FIGURE 22.2
Tight Trading Range in Both Bull and Bear Legs
Sometimes a tight trading range can be a pullback in both a bull trend and a bear
trend. In Figure 22.2, was the tight trading range from bar 6 to bar 8 a bull ﬂag in
the rally up from bar 3 to bar 4, or was it a bear ﬂag in the bear trend down to bar
3? Both are logical possibilities, and whenever there is both a valid bull and bear
interpretation, there is uncertainty, which means that the market is in a trading
range and in breakout mode.
After breaking the bear trend line on the rally to bar 4, Lehman Brothers (LEH)
formed a higher low at bar 6 and then entered a tight trading range. Since the move
down to bar 3 was a wedge, it was likely to be followed by at least a two-legged
sideways to up correction, especially after the reversal up from yesterday’s low.
Even though trading range breakouts usually fail, an upside breakout here could
have had a second leg up that might have been as large as the leg from bar 3 to
bar 4. It could even have been a trend reversal, especially since there was so much
earlier bull strength on the move up to bar 1. Upside targets included the bar 4 ﬁnal

Figure 22.2
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
391
lower high, the swing highs after bar 2 and bar 3, a measured move up where the
second leg was as tall as the ﬁrst, and even a test of the bar 1 bull spike.
The move up to bar 4 was contained fairly well in a channel and was therefore
probably just the ﬁrst of the two sideways to up legs. It also had bull bodies that
were more prominent than the bear bodies, which was a sign of buying pressure.
Bar 6 formed a double bottom with the third bar after the bar 3 low. Traders knew
that if the bar 6 low was to hold, the market could have made a measured move up
above bar 4 that equaled the height of the bar 6 low to the bar 4 high. Aggressive
bulls were buying in the tight trading range because of the great risk/reward ratio.
They were risking about 20 cents to below the bar 6 low to make a dollar or more
on a 50–50 bet, which was a great trade.
The market became clearly always-in long by the close of bar 8, and even more
certain when the next bar was a strong bull trend bar. Bulls were buying at the
market, on tiny pullbacks, above prior swing highs, and on the closes of each of
the three bars in the bull spike. There was now about a 60 to 70 percent chance
of approximately a measured move up from the open of the ﬁrst bar of the three-
bar spike to the close of the third bar, and the market ultimately rallied beyond
that target.
The ﬁrst pullback after the breakout was the small bull inside bar at bar 9, so
buying the high 1 at one tick above the high of bar 9 was a high-probability long.
The rally to bar 10 was about a 65 percent retracement of the bear trend down
from bar 1. Fibonacci traders would call the rally to bar 10 a 61.8 percent pull-
back and say that it was close enough, but every pullback is close enough to some
Fibonacci number, making the Fibonacci numbers essentially meaningless most of
the time.

392
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.3
FIGURE 22.3
Tight Trading Range Evolving into Larger Trading Range
Although a tight trading range in a bull trend is a trading range and therefore a bull
ﬂag, it breaks to the downside ﬁrst in about 45 to 49 percent of cases. The pattern
then sometimes evolves into a larger trading range, which usually breaks out in the
direction of the trend (in Figure 22.3, up). Most traders who bought in the tight
trading range after bar 1 should have exited either on the breakout below bar 5
or below the bear inside bar after bar 7, and almost all would have exited on the
downside breakout below bar 6. The alternative was to hold long and use a wide
stop. However, even though the market did not fall below the 8:25 a.m. PST swing
low from three hours earlier, a trader would have had to risk seven or more points
to stay long. Most bulls who bought in the tight trading range would have instead
taken a loss before the bar 8 low formed. At the time of their entry, the required risk
that would have allowed for a larger trading range was too great, and the probability
of reaching a big enough proﬁt target to make the trader’s equation proﬁtable was
too low for them to hold long. When that is the case, it is better to exit and then
look for another trade in either direction. The trader’s equation was reasonable for

Figure 22.3
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
393
traders who took a small loss and bought again above the bull bar that followed the
bar 8 failed bear breakout. Here, they were buying a double bottom and therefore a
possible bottom in a larger trading range in a bull trend.
By bar 3, barbwire was present because of three sideways bars with at least one
being a doji. This meant that most traders should wait for a breakout and assess if
it looked strong or likely to fail. Aggressive, experienced traders could have bought
below the low of the prior bar, shorted above the high of the prior bar, bought above
small bull reversal bars at the bottom, and shorted below small bear reversal bars
near the top.
Bar 6 was a bear trend bar breakout followed by an ii setup at the moving
average that led to a long scalp. The market had not touched the moving average in
over 20 bars. The market was getting close, and the bulls thought that a touch was
likely after the market missed it by a tick a couple of hours earlier. Since the bulls
believed that the market would fall to the moving average, they were unwilling to
buy just above it, and their refusal to buy left the market one-sided. The result was
that the market fell quickly in the form of a strong bear spike to the moving average,
where the bulls reappeared and bought aggressively.
Bar 7 was a failed bull trend bar breakout following the ﬁrst failed breakout
to the downside, and opposite failures are second entries and therefore especially
reliable. The two-bar reversal at bar 7 set up a small expanding triangle short. Bar
5 was also an expanding triangle short, but at that point the range was too tight for
a scalp down.
Expanding triangles are intensely two-sided and therefore have a magnetic pull
on breakouts, causing most to fail, like at bar 6 and bar 7. Even after a successful
breakout, the market often gets drawn back because it is an area where both the
bulls and the bears believe there is value in initiating positions. Bar 8 was a large
bear trend bar that became just another failed breakout.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
In Figure 22.3, bar 8 was a sell climax, a failed breakout, and a double bottom with the
bottom of the bull channel that began around 8:15 a.m. PST, and the bar after it was a
ﬁrst moving average gap bar setup (it was actually the second attempt, since the ﬁrst
was four bars earlier).

394
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.4
FIGURE 22.4
Stop Entries in Barbwire Are Costly
The chart presented in Figure 22.4 seems innocuous enough, right? But if you look
carefully at the barbwire from bar 1 to bar 2, there were eight consecutive rever-
sals that failed to reach a scalper’s proﬁt. Once you see overlapping bars near the
moving average, you need to be very careful. In general, it is best to consider only
with-trend entries (here, longs, since the pattern is mostly above the exponential
moving average), and only if you can buy near the bottom of the pattern or after
one side is clearly trapped. Although the tails are not as big and the bodies are
not as small as in most barbwire patterns, overlapping bars at the moving average
create a dangerous situation.
On a 15 minute chart, this 5 minute barbwire is simply a high 2 pullback to
the moving average, and it is certainly reasonable to trade off the 15 minute chart
when there is a 5 minute barbwire pattern. The best approach for most traders
is simply to wait and not trade until after the pattern has broken out and a new
pattern sets up. In some cases, like here, there is no low-risk setup. Bar 2 was a
bad short since traders were shorting below a large signal bar at the bottom of
a trading range in a bull day. Also, a bear reversal bar in a tight trading range
has nothing to reverse, so it does not function as a reversal bar. Here it was the

Figure 22.4
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
395
ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal up. The outside up bar was the second and the entry
was above the high of the outside up bar, which was the higher of the two bars.
Just because something looks like a reversal bar does not mean that it will function
like one. Also, something can function like a perfect two-bar reversal even if it does
not look like one. Traders who are constantly thinking about what is going on can
catch these trades. It is likely that the chart would look different on other time
frames—that the bear reversal bar would not exit and the two-bar reversal would
look perfect. However, you never have to look for the perfect time frame if you
understand what is happening on the chart in front of you.

396
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.5
FIGURE 22.5
Stop Entries Would Have Yielded 10 Consecutive Losers
Ten consecutive losing scalps should be a warning to traders who think they can
make money by trading in barbwire. This is an extreme example of the trouble that
traders can have if they choose not to work hard to understand price action and
instead decide to trade entirely mechanically, reversing at each bar that reverses
the prior bar. In Figure 22.5, bar 1 was a long scalp that would have resulted in a
loss. If traders reversed to short on bar 2, they would have lost again. If they kept
reversing after each loss, they would have had 10 consecutive losing entries, the
last occurring at the bar 10 short. If their ﬁrst position size was a single contract
and they used a martingale approach of doubling their position size after each loss
so that when they ﬁnally won they would be back to breakeven, that 11th entry
would have required them to trade 1,024 contracts, and what one-lot trader would
ever be able to do that? If they took a more aggressive martingale approach and
decided to triple their position size after each loss so that when they ﬁnally had a
winning scalp they would have a proﬁt despite all of the earlier consecutive losers,
their second trade would be for three contracts, their third would be for nine, and
their 11th entry would be for 37,179 contracts! That is why martingale techniques
are not practical. If your account is big enough to trade 1,024 contracts, you would
never bother trading just one contract on your ﬁrst trade, and if you are comfortable
starting out with just one lot, you could never trade 1,024 contracts.

Figure 22.5
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
397
On this summer Friday, there were also eight consecutive losers starting at the
long at bar A and ending with the short at bar B.
Traders could instead begin trading after four or ﬁve losers and increase their
odds of success and reduce their overall risk, but this should be done only rarely
and only by traders who can read price action quickly and accurately. Smart traders
would avoid this approach in barbwire, especially when it grows into a protracted
tight trading range. Anyone blindly doubling up after consecutive losers is gambling
and not trading, and gambling is entertainment, which always involves a fee. None
of the 10 losing trades had a strong enough setup to be traded in barbwire, and
therefore it would have been better to wait. You cannot sustain repeated losses in
barbwire and hope that your winners from earlier in the day will keep you prof-
itable. They won’t, and your account will inevitably shrink to the point that there is
no longer enough margin to trade and it will become a blown account.
Once you become an experienced trader, you can consider buying below the
lows of bars and below swing lows near the bottom of the range and shorting above
the high of the prior bar or a swing high near the top of the range, but this is tedious
and requires an intensity that most traders cannot consistently maintain.

398
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.6
FIGURE 22.6
Sloping Tight Trading Range
When a tight trading range slopes slightly up or down, it is still a tight trading range
and it should be treated the same way. The bulls and bears are in close balance, and
generally it is best to wait for failed breakouts and breakout pullbacks. In general,
all tight trading ranges are continuation patterns, like the small one that ended at
bar 1 in Figure 22.6.
The range that started at bar 2 was after two sharp bear legs and should be
expected to be protracted and likely to lead to two up legs (the move to bar 3 be-
came the ﬁrst of the two legs). These patterns are difﬁcult to trade and often have
false breakouts. It is wise to trade them minimally, if at all, and simply wait for
the inevitable clarity that will reappear. This was a micro channel, and the odds
were high that once the breakout came, it would fail. The market broke to the
downside, only to reverse back up into the close.

Figure 22.6
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
399
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
All trading ranges, especially tight ones, are magnets, and breakouts usually get pulled
back into the range. When a horizontal trading range occurs after a trend has been
underway for 20 or more bars, that trading range is often the ﬁnal ﬂag in the trend. The
breakout often fails and the market returns to the price level within the range. Sometimes
there is a trend reversal.
The two-legged pullback to the moving average that ended around bar 1 in Fig-
ure 22.6 became a ﬁnal ﬂag, and the market was drawn back up to that price area by
the close.
The tight trading range that ended at bar 3 was also a ﬁnal ﬂag, and the breakout
was to a higher low. The market then reversed up above the tight trading range for the
second leg up after the sell climax at the low of the day.
Many traders saw the move down to bar 2 as simply a large two-legged sell-oﬀ. They
also thought that the trading range that ended around bar 1 could be a ﬁnal ﬂag. After
the sell climax at the low of the day, many expected two legs up and a test back into
that trading range. Since the move was countertrend, they were willing to hold their long
positions that they bought on the second entry above bar 2, and they did not exit during
any of the times that a bar fell below the low of the prior bar. After a couple of
strong bull trend bars, they began to trail their protective stops below the lows of the
strong bull bars and soon were able to move their stops to around breakeven.

400
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.7
FIGURE 22.7
Barbwire with an ioi Pattern
In Figure 22.7, bar 1 was a large outside bar followed by a doji inside bar. Even
though an ioi pattern is often a reliable breakout setup, here the tails on the recent
bars are too prominent. When there are three sideways bars and at least one of
them is a doji, no one is in control and the best approach is to wait for one side to
gain control, as evidenced by a trend bar that clearly breaks out. If the breakout
looks weak and sets up a reversal, then look to fade the breakout. Most trend bars
coming out of these patterns fail and become setups in the opposite direction. This
entry also frequently fails, which is a signal for a second trade. It is unusual for this
second entry to fail. This type of bar counting is difﬁcult for most traders to do in
real time, and they are more likely to make money if they wait for clarity.

Figure 22.7
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
401
Bar 2 broke out of the ioi pattern, but buying above large overlapping bars,
especially in barbwire, is usually a bull trap. In fact, an experienced trader will often
place a limit order to go short at or above the high of that inside bar, expecting the
bull breakout to be a trap and for the market to quickly reverse down.
So with the bulls trapped above bar 2, did it make sense to short below bar 2,
since those bulls would have to sell out of their longs? You are faced with the same
problem. Whenever there are three or more large bars and one of them is a signal
bar forcing you to buy at the top of the tight trading range or to short at the bottom,
the odds are that you will lose money because it is likely that the institutions are
doing the opposite.
The bar after bar 3 was a bull inside bar and was setting up a high 2 long, where
bar 2 was the high 1. The bar was not as large as the prior several bars, and you
were buying above a bull trend bar that was testing the moving average, which is
normally a good trade. Although this was a reasonable trade, the market was still in
barbwire and it was better to wait for a second signal or a breakout pullback. Bar
5 was a bull trend bar at the moving average; it was the second entry within three
bars, and it was at the same price as the ﬁrst entry. All of these factors increased
the odds of success. By the close of the bar, the bulls were happy to see a large bull
breakout bar with no tail on the bottom and a small tail on the top, and the odds
favored at least a measured move up from the open to the close of the bull spike.
The entry bar was followed by another very strong bull trend bar.

402
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.8
FIGURE 22.8
Barbwire Failed Breakout
When barbwire forms in the middle of the day’s range, almost invariably next to
the 20-bar moving average, it is best to enter on a failed breakout. In Figure 22.8,
the market broke out of the top in a high 2 and immediately reversed to break out
of the bottom in a failed high 2. Traders shorted on the breakout below the tight
trading range, on the close of the bar, and below its low. However, you had to be
thinking about the possibility of a failed upside breakout to be able to place the
sell order. Remember, that upside breakout was a strong bull trend bar at some

Figure 22.8
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
403
point in the ﬁrst minute or two, and that bullish strength made lots of traders
think exclusively about getting long. Those traders let themselves get trapped out
of the short trade. You must constantly be thinking, especially when the market
is starting to move. Not only must you look for a way to get in, but you must
also always think about what happens if the initial move fails and then quickly
goes the other way. Otherwise, you will miss great trades, and traps are among
the best.

404
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.9
FIGURE 22.9
Tight Trading Range as a Flag
When a tight trading range forms at an extreme of the day after a breakout, it usu-
ally becomes a continuation pattern. Look for a with-trend entry, which sometimes
happens after a false breakout in either direction. By bar 13 or so in Figure 22.9,
most traders believed that the market was entering a tight trading range after the
breakout above the top of the bar 8 bull spike. Bulls bought at and below the low
of the prior bar and held some or all of their position for a likely upside break-
out. Most of the bars within the tight trading range had bull bodies, and the range
was holding above the moving average; both of these were signs of buying pressure
and favored an upside breakout. Even though the bars were small and sideways,
the volume usually remained heavy. Many of the bars had 5,000 to 10,000 contracts
traded, which represented about $100 million of stock every minute.
There was a spike up to bar 8 after a lower low and then a breakout formed
by six bull trend bars to a new high at bar 12. The market entered a tight trading
range and broke out to the upside on bar 14, but the breakout immediately failed.
However, the reversal down lasted only one bar and became a breakout pullback
long setup that led to a strong bull trend. The bar 14 reversal trapped bulls out and
bears in; and when both sides are trapped, the next move usually lasts for at least
several bars.

Figure 22.10
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
405
FIGURE 22.10
Tight Trading Range Bear Flag
A tight trading range can be a reliable ﬂag in a trend. In Figure 22.10, bar 1 was the
entry from a low 2 short pattern within barbwire after a spike down to a new low of
the day. It was a two-legged sideways breakout pullback. The bars were relatively
large and overlapping, the tails were prominent, and there were a couple of dojis
within the pattern.
The market formed a long tight trading range that ended with a two-legged
sideways test of the moving average at bar 2. There was a bear reversal bar, which
is always desirable when shorting a low 2 at the moving average in a bear trend.

406
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.10
Also, the bar was small and at the top of the tight trading range, so the risk was
small. Since it was an entry in a trend, the potential reward was large.
If you look carefully at the pattern, there was additional support to the trade
because it was a sideways low 4, although that was not particularly important here.
There was a ﬁve-bar-long, two-legged sideways correction, and then a correction
down (four bars, two legs), and then a second two-legged rally (six bars, sideways
to up), ending with a small break above the moving average.

Figure 22.11
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
407
FIGURE 22.11
Barbwire Reversal
In Figure 22.11, barbwire formed at the bottom of each of the two legs down to
the bar 10 low of the day. The ﬁrst one became a bear ﬂag, and the second was
a reversal.
Today opened above yesterday’s high but immediately formed a strong ﬁve-bar
spike down to just above the moving average. The always-in position was clearly
down, meaning that the market probably would trade below the bar 2 low before
it traded above the top of the bear spike. The reality is that the odds were more
like 90 percent than just 51 percent, given the strong momentum and the pause just
above the magnets of the moving average and yesterday’s close.
The move down to bar 5 was within a tight bear channel, and therefore it was
too risky to buy the ﬁrst attempt to break out above the channel. This ﬁrst leg down
tested yesterday’s close, but the momentum down was so strong that the odds were
good that the market would test down further, probably to the area of yesterday’s
low. Even though the large overlapping bars, dojis, big tails, and two-bar reversals
indicated that the bulls were beginning to buy, there was no strong buy setup within
the barbwire.
Bar 8 was an expanding triangle short setup at the moving average. Expanding
triangle bear ﬂags have three pushes up and usually a low 3 signal bar, as occurred
here at bar 8.

408
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.11
Since there is strong two-sided trading within barbwire, when barbwire forms
after a sell-off it often becomes the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear trend. The market usually
works its way back into the barbwire price area because both the bulls and the
bears agree that there is value in initiating trades there.
When the market fell below the value area, the bulls saw the lower prices as
an even better value, and the bears saw it as representing worse value. The result
was that the bulls bought aggressively and the bears stopped shorting. Well, then,
why was the breakout below the barbwire created by the two strongest bear trend
bars of the day? This was because once the ﬁrst barbwire failed to form a bottom
on the test of yesterday’s close, the next level of support was yesterday’s low. The
bulls were very eager to buy but were waiting until they believed that the market
would likely not fall any further, and they came back into the market during the
barbwire that began at bar 10. This was the third consecutive sell climax of the
day (the move down to bar 2 and the sell-off from bar 3 to bar 5 were the ﬁrst
two). After three consecutive sell climaxes, the market usually corrects sideways
to up for at least 10 bars and with at least two legs. Sell climaxes are emotional
and usually indicate bulls desperate to get out at any price, even at the market,
during a collapse. Once there were no more weak bulls left, the remaining longs
were willing to hold through even more selling, and once there were no bulls left to
sell out, the market had a buy imbalance. Also, the bears became very hesitant to
short further after three consecutive sell climaxes and would now short only after a
signiﬁcant pullback.
Bar 11 was an ioi pattern with a bull inside bar setting up an acceptable
long for aggressive bulls, especially if they were willing to scale in lower. Most
traders should have instead waited for a higher low before going long. The bar
14 higher low had a bull body and was a pullback from the bar 10 and bar 12 double
bottom.
Deeper Discussion of This Chart
Whenever the market has large trend bars, those bars are spikes, climaxes, and break-
outs. The breakout component often leads to a measured move projection where the
bears will take partial or complete proﬁts, and aggressive bulls will begin to buy. In Fig-
ure 22.11 the breakout below bar 2 occurred with a ﬁve-bar bear spike from bar 3 to
bar 5. The market tested the breakout with the four bars from bar 7 to bar 8, and the
space between the bar 2 low breakout point and the bar 7 breakout test was a gap, which
could become a measuring gap. The move from the bar 1 high to the middle of the gap
often projects to a level where the market might ﬁnd support. Here, the market fell below

Figure 22.11
TIGHT TRADING RANGES
409
that target. There are always many possible choices for measured move projections and
many are not obvious. The move from the high of the day to the middle of the bar 4 doji
within the measuring gap gave a projection that was one tick below the low of the day.
Once the market fell below the ﬁrst target, traders would look for other possible targets.
If they found one that was logical, it would give them more conﬁdence that the bottom
for at least an hour or two was in.
The spike from the bar after bar 1 to the bottom of bar 2 could also have led to a
measured move. The open of the ﬁrst bar to the close of the ﬁnal bar is often the height
for the projection, and the low of the ﬁrst barbwire pattern missed the target by a tick.

410
TRADING RANGES
Figure 22.12
FIGURE 22.12
Barbwire as a Low 2
The market in Figure 22.12 was in a small range for the ﬁrst three hours, so a break-
out was likely. Bars 1, 2, and 3 were sideways and overlapping. Since bars 1 and
2 were dojis, this was a barbwire pattern. However, bars 3, 4, and 5 had good bod-
ies and small tails. This meant that the market was transitioning from barbwire into
an ordinary low 2 short setup in a bear trend, and it led to a two-bar bear spike and
then a tight bear channel. Most bulls who were scaling in would have sold out of
their longs on a low 2 short in a bear trend, especially if there was a bear signal
bar. They then usually don’t look to buy again for at least a couple of bars. This is
why low 2 shorts are so effective in bear trends. The bulls step aside, and the bears
become more aggressive.

C H A P T E R 2 3
Triangles
T
riangles are trading ranges and therefore channels, since they are an area of
price action contained between two lines. The minimum requirement for a
trading range to be called a triangle is that it has three pushes up or down.
Since they have either higher lows or lower highs, or both in the case of an ex-
panding triangle, they also have some trending behavior. Wedges are triangles that
are either rising or falling. When they are just barely sloped, traders refer to them
as triangles, but when the slope is greater, they usually call them wedges. A bull
or bear ﬂag can be a wedge and will usually just become a continuation pattern.
Wedges can also occur at the end of a trend and form a reversal pattern. Because
they behave more like ﬂags or reversal patterns than like traditional triangles, they
are discussed in those sections rather than here.
An expanding triangle is contained between two diverging lines, both of which
are technically trend channel lines because the upper line is above the highs in
a bull trend (higher highs) and the lower line is below the lows in a bear trend
(lower lows). An oo (outside-outside) pattern, where an outside bar is followed by a
larger outside bar, is a small expanding triangle. A contracting triangle is contained
between two trend lines, since the market is in both a small bear trend and a small
bull trend. An ii pattern is usually a small triangle on a lower time frame chart.
An ascending triangle has a resistance line above and a bull trend line below; a
descending triangle has a support line below and a bear trend line above. A wedge
is an ascending or descending channel where the trend line and trend channel line
converge, and it is a variant of a triangle and therefore also a type of channel. All
triangles have at least three legs in one direction and at least two in the other, and
411

412
TRADING RANGES
every pattern that has three legs and is sideways or sloped and shaped like a wedge
is a triangle. Unlike trend channels and trading ranges that can extend indeﬁnitely,
when the market is in a triangle, it is in breakout mode, meaning that a breakout
is imminent. The breakout can be strong or weak; it can have follow-through and
result in a trend, or it can fail and reverse, or it can simply go sideways and evolve
into a larger trading range.
Like all trading ranges, a triangle is a pause in a trend, and the breakout is usu-
ally in the direction of the trend that preceded it. A triangle in a bull trend usually
breaks out to the upside, and a bear triangle usually breaks out to the downside.
Wedges can be more complicated. A bear wedge is a downward-sloping wedge and,
like all bear channels, is a bull ﬂag. When a downward-sloping wedge occurs within
a larger bull trend, an upside breakout is in the direction of the larger trend, as ex-
pected. However, a large bear wedge can ﬁll the entire screen, in which case the
bars on the screen are in a bear trend. The upside breakout is then a reversal and a
breakout against the trend on the screen. Whether or not there is a clear, large bull
trend just off the left side of the screen is irrelevant. Any down wedge will behave
like a large pullback in a bull trend, which means that it will behave like a bull ﬂag.
An upside breakout is a reversal out of the bear trend on the screen, but it is in
the expected direction, since every bear channel, whether or not the lines converge
and create a wedge, functions like a bull ﬂag and should be thought of as a bull ﬂag.
Most, in fact, are bull ﬂags on a larger time frame chart.
Every trading range with three pushes is functionally identical to a triangle.
Most are triangles, but some don’t have a clear triangle shape. However, since they
behave exactly like triangles, they should be traded as if they were perfect trian-
gles. Because they are more complex than one-push pullbacks (high 1 and low 1
pullbacks) and two-push pullbacks (high 2 and low 2 pullbacks), they represent
stronger countertrend pressure. Since traders in the opposite direction are getting
stronger, these patterns tend to occur late in trends and swings, and often become
ﬁnal ﬂags. If a triangle has more than three pushes, most traders begin to refer to
the correction as a trading range.
If a pattern is sloping and has three pushes, many traders erroneously see it as
a wedge and look for a reversal. However, as discussed in Chapter 18 on wedges,
if the three-push pattern is in a tight channel, the pattern will usually function
like a channel and continue indeﬁnitely, and not function like a wedge and re-
verse. If a wedge has three pushes, that alone is not a reason to trade in the op-
posite direction, however. When traders are not certain if the wedge is about to
reverse, they should not enter on the breakout. For example, if there is a down
channel that is fairly steep and the trend and trend channel lines are convergent
but fairly close together, traders should not buy the ﬁrst reversal up or the bull
breakout of the wedge. They should wait until the bull breakout occurs and then

TRIANGLES
413
evaluate its strength. If the breakout is strong (the characteristics of strong break-
outs are discussed in Chapter 2), they should wait for a pullback and then enter
at the end of the pullback (a breakout pullback buy). If there is no pullback for
several bars, then the market is forming a strong bull spike and has almost cer-
tainly become always-in long in the eyes of most traders. They can then trade it
like they would any other strong breakout. They might buy the close of a bar, buy
above the high of the prior bar, buy any small pullback on a limit order, or wait for
a pullback.
Since most triangles are relatively horizontal, the bulls and the bears are in
balance, which means that they both see value at this price level. Because of this,
breakouts often do not go very far before reversing back into the range, and trian-
gles are often the ﬁnal ﬂag in a trend. If the breakout fails, the market usually gets
drawn back into the trading range and sometimes breaks out of the opposite side
and becomes a two-legged correction or even a trend reversal. This trading range
behavior is discussed more in the Part IV discussion on trading ranges.
Since ascending, descending, and symmetrical triangles have the same trading
implications, it is not necessary to distinguish one from another, and they can all
be referred to as triangles. All of these triangles are mostly horizontal. They tend
to break out slightly more often in the direction of the trend that preceded them,
but not enough to place a trade on that basis alone. Since each is a type of trading
range, each is an area of uncertainty, and it is better to wait for the breakout before
placing a trade. However, when the pattern is tall enough, you can trade it like a
trading range and fade the extremes, looking to buy near the bottom and sell near
the top. The breakouts often fail and, like breakouts from any channel, if the market
reverses back into the channel, it usually tests the opposite side. If it breaks out
in either direction, the breakout usually leads to a measured move approximately
equal in points to the height of the channel. If it goes beyond that, the market is
likely in a trend.
Expanding triangles can be reversal patterns at the end of a trend or contin-
uation patterns within a trend. Once they break out, the breakout often fails and
the market then reverses, breaks out of the other side, and forms an even larger
expanding triangle. The expanding triangle reversal then becomes a continuation
pattern, and an expanding triangle continuation pattern then becomes a reversal.
For example, if there is an expanding triangle at the bottom of a bear trend, it is a
reversal pattern. Once the market rallies and breaks out of the top of the triangle,
the breakout often fails and the market then turns down again. The result is a large
expanding triangle bear ﬂag. Sometimes an expanding triangle can lead to a major
reversal, but usually it behaves more like a trading range and evolves into some
other pattern. They are discussed more in the chapter on trend reversal patterns
in book 3.

414
TRADING RANGES
Figure 23.1
FIGURE 23.1
There Are Many Ways to Draw Triangles
Most traders think of a triangle as simply a trading range that has three or more
pushes up or down. If it starts to have more than ﬁve pushes, most traders stop
using the term triangle and just call the pattern a trading range. It does not matter
what you call it, because all trading ranges behave similarly.
Most ii patterns, like at bar 5, bar 24, and the bar before 25 in Figure 23.1,
should be thought of as small triangles, since most are triangles on smaller time
frame charts.
The lows of bars 4, 7, and 9 were three pushes down in a sideways pattern
and formed a triangle. The highs of bars 4, 6, and 8 formed three pushes up and
therefore also created a triangle.
The lows of bars 3, 11 (or either of the two bars before it), and either 13, 15, or
18 formed three pushes down, and some traders saw each as a triangle. Bar 26 was
a two-bar reversal breakout pullback buy setup from the bar 24 breakout of the
large triangle from bar 3 to bar 18.
The lows of bar 18, bar 19, and the bar after bar 20 formed three pushes down.
The high of the doji bar after bar 18, the bull bar after bar 19, and bar 20 formed
three pushes up and created a triangle. Bar 23 was the pullback from the bar 22
breakout above the triangle.

Figure 23.2
TRIANGLES
415
FIGURE 23.2
Triangles
The daily chart of Intel (INTC) presented in Figure 23.2 had many triangles, which
are rarely ever perfect. Triangle A was a rising wedge. The breakout had no momen-
tum, and the pattern evolved into a tight trading range. When the market breaks
out of a rising wedge in a rally but goes sideways instead of down, it is a sign of
strength, and the bulls are likely to return. If the bears see a rising wedge in a bull
trend and they are unable to reverse the market down, they will soon buy back
their shorts and wait before shorting again. This makes the market one-sided, and
the upside breakout continues to a price where the bears are willing to short once
again and where the bulls will be comfortable taking proﬁts by selling some or all of
their longs.
Triangles B and E were both descending triangles, and B broke out to the up-
side. Triangle E ﬁrst broke out to the upside, and the breakout failed. It then broke
out to the downside, and again the breakout failed.
Triangle C was an expanding triangle. Traders could have shorted at the bar 3
high. Expanding triangle tops usually evolve into expanding triangle bottoms and
vice versa, and this one did as well. Traders could buy above the bar 3 low.
Triangle D was an imperfect symmetrical triangle. Since symmetrical triangles
are just trading ranges, traders could have looked to buy tests of the bull trend line
below and short tests of the bear trend line above.


P A R T V
Orders and Trade
Management
S
imply knowing how to read charts does not mean that you can make a living
as a trader. You need a plan for getting into and out of trades, and you have
to constantly make decisions about every position that you are holding.
417


C H A P T E R 2 4
Scalping, Swinging,
Trading, and
Investing
A
n investor is someone who buys stocks based on fundamentals and plans
to hold the stocks for six months to many years, allowing time for the ben-
eﬁcial fundamentals to be reﬂected in the price of the stock. Investors will
often add to their positions if the stock goes against them, since their belief is that
the stock is a value at the current price. A trader is someone who trades off daily
charts and short-term fundamental events like earnings reports and product an-
nouncements with the intention of capturing a quick move, lasting from one to
several days. Traders will take partial proﬁts at the ﬁrst pause and then move their
stops to breakeven on the balance; they are not willing to have a proﬁt turn into a
loss. Traders are sometimes referred to as scalpers, but that term more commonly
is used to refer to a type of day trader. Incidentally, it is important to keep to your
time frame. A common cause of losses is putting on a trade, watching it become
a loser, not exiting at your planned stop, and instead convincing yourself that it is
ﬁne to convert the trade into an investment. If you put it on for a trade, exit it as
a trade and take the loss. Otherwise, you will invariably hold it far too long, and
the loss will become many times larger than your original worst-case loss. On top
of that, it will be a constant distraction and interfere with your ability to place and
manage other trades.
In the eyes of a trader or investor using daily to monthly time frames, all day
trading is scalping. However, to day traders, scalping is holding a position for one to
15 minutes or so and usually exiting on a limit order at a proﬁt target in an attempt
to capture one small leg on whatever time frame the scalper is using for trades.
In general, the potential reward (the number of ticks to the proﬁt target) is about
the size of the risk (the number of ticks to the protective stop). The scalper does
419

420
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
not want any pullbacks and will quickly exit at breakeven if the trade comes back
before the target is reached; the scalper is therefore comparable to a trader on the
daily charts. Intraday swing traders will hold a trade through pullbacks. They try
to capture the two to four larger swings of the day, holding each position from 15
minutes to an entire day. Their potential reward is usually at least twice as large as
their risk. They are comparable to an investor on the daily charts, who is willing to
hold a position through pullbacks.
In the 1990s, the media and institutional investors ridiculed day traders, who
were mostly scalpers, as gamblers who served no useful purpose. The critics to-
tally ignored one important function that all traders provide, which is increasing
liquidity and therefore reducing bid-ask spreads, making trading cheaper for every-
one. A good deal of the criticism was probably due to the established institutional
investors on Wall Street. They believed that they owned the game and they were
kings, and they did not respect anyone who did not play it their way. They worked
hard for their MBAs and thought that it was unfair that a high school dropout could
theoretically make a fortune after spending just a few months learning simple trad-
ing techniques. The institutions enjoyed the awe that their feats garnered from
the adoring public and at some level resented the attention that these uneducated
upstarts were getting. Once HFT ﬁrms became the biggest volume traders on the
Street and were producing far better performance records than the traditional insti-
tutional investors, the media took notice and began to give them more attention and
respectful awe than the dinosaurs who had ruled the Street since its creation. HFT
ﬁrms are the ultimate day traders and have made day trading respectable. CNBC’s
Fast Money has traders every day who often scalp, and are presented as admirable,
successful traders. Now, the general feeling is that it is very difﬁcult to make money
as a trader, and if you are able to do it, you deserve a lot of respect, especially from
other traders. It does not matter how you trade. All that matters is performance,
and this is how it should be in a capitalistic society. Successful investors, traders,
intraday swing traders, and scalpers all deserve the same respect and admiration,
because all are doing something special, and doing it very well takes an extraordi-
nary talent and a lot of hard work.
As discussed in Chapter 25 in the section on the trader’s equation, swing traders
take the opposite side of all scalps, but they also take the other side of trades by
traders swinging in the opposite direction. A scalper has a reward about the same
size as his risk and a high probability. There cannot be a scalp in the opposite direc-
tion with the same risk, reward, and probability. For example, the market cannot
have a 60 percent chance of going up two points before going down two points at
the same time that it has a 60 percent chance of going down two points before go-
ing up two points. Look at a bull trend. If a bullish trader buys at one tick above
a strong signal bar in a reliable pullback in the Emini and his entry price is 1254,
then his two-point stop is 1252 and his proﬁt target is 1256. The bull would only

SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
421
take the trade if he thought that it probably would probably work, which implies
that he had to be at least 60 percent certain, which means that the chance that the
market would fall to 1252 and that his stop would be hit is be 40 percent or less. If
a bear scalper took the other side of the trade and shorted at 1254.00, his stop is at
1256 and his proﬁt target is 1252. Since the chance of the market falling to 1252 is
40 percent or less, the bear has a 40 percent chance or less of making his proﬁt. In
fact, it is almost always going to be less, because for his proﬁt taking limit order to
get ﬁlled, the market usually has to go one tick beyond it, which is even less likely
because it is a bigger move.
Because of the mathematics, the person taking the other side of a scalp has to
have a lower probability of success. Since in a very efﬁcient market, institutions
control the price action, every trade that takes place has to be one where one or
more institutions are willing to take one side and one or more other institutions are
willing to take the other (nothing is absolute, but this is pretty close). This means
that the person taking the other side of a reasonable scalp has to have a reward
greater than his risk if he is to have a proﬁtable trader’s equation (you have to as-
sume that he does because he is an institution or someone taking a trade that an
institution is also willing to take). This makes him a swing trader. Since the proba-
bility of swing trades is often 40 percent or less, a swing trader can take the opposite
side of a scalper’s trade and still have a positive trader’s equation. If the probabil-
ity of the market falling two points is 40 percent, the swing trading bear who is
trying for more than two points has to have less than a 40 percent chance of suc-
cess. However, if he manages his trade correctly, he can still make a consistent
proﬁt using this strategy. For example, from the discussion following on scaling
into trades, you will see that he could be using a much wider stop than two points,
and he might be willing to scale in several times if the market goes higher. If so,
his probability of success can be 60 percent or higher. Once the market ﬁnally falls,
he could exit his entire position at his original entry price of 1254. If he exited his
entire position at his original short entry price, he would be out at breakeven on his
ﬁrst entry and have a proﬁt on all of the later shorts that he placed at higher prices.
To scalp the 5 minute Emini chart effectively, with the current average daily
range between eight and 15 points, you have to risk about two points, and your
proﬁt target is usually between one and three points. On one-point scalps, you have
to win on over 67 percent of your trades just to break even. Although this is achiev-
able for some traders, it is unrealistic for the majority of them. As a general rule,
take a trade only where the potential reward is at least as large as the risk and
where you are conﬁdent about the trade. If you are conﬁdent, one guideline is to
assume that you believe that the chance of success is at least 60 percent. In the
Emini, a two-point stop is currently (with an average daily range of 10 to 15 points)
the most reliable stop for most trades based on a 5 minute chart, and that means
that your proﬁt target should be at least two points as well. If you do not think that

422
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
two points is a realistic target, then don’t take the trade. Incidentally, I had a friend
many years ago who used to trade 100 Emini contracts at a time, scalping two ticks
on about 25 trades a day. Since he lived in a 12,000-square-foot house, I assume
that he was doing well. However, this is in the realm of high-frequency trading and
virtually impossible for most traders to do proﬁtably. A have another friend who
once told me about a mutual acquaintance who made millions on Wall Street as
an attorney and lost almost all of it as a trader. He probably assumed that he was
much smarter than all of his clients who were making millions as traders and that
he should have been able to do at least as well. He scalped 100 Emini contracts and
lost $2 million over the ﬁrst couple of years. He might have been smart, but he was
not wise. Just because something looks easy does not mean that it actually is easy.
The issue of cherry-picking crosses everyone’s mind at some point. Instead of
worrying about taking 20 trades a day and trying to make one point on each, what
about just scalping the very best three trades of the day and trying to make one
point on each? In theory it is workable, but the reality is that if you have waited
so long for the perfect trade and you worked so hard for so long to learn what is
necessary to spot such a great trade, you have to make sure that you are adequately
rewarded. One point is not enough. For example, if you believe that you are about
to buy one of the best one or two setups of the day, you should assume that the
market will agree that the setup is strong. That means that the always-in position
will probably become clearly always-in long, that there will likely be at least two
legs up to some kind of measured move or magnet area, and that the move should
last at least 10 bars. Instead of scalping out for one point while risking two points,
it makes much more sense to exit after a minimum of two points and maybe even
four points. If you cannot handle this emotionally and you ﬁnd yourself exiting at
breakeven on the ﬁrst pullback, you might try putting in a one cancels the other
(OCO) bracket order as soon as you get long in which you have a two-point pro-
tective stop and a two-point proﬁt-taking limit order. As soon as one gets ﬁlled,
the other gets canceled automatically. Then go for a walk and come back in about
an hour. After you’ve done this a few times, you might try using a three- or four-
point proﬁt target instead of two points and you might soon discover that you are
averaging four points’ proﬁt per day on these trades.
Some scalpers scalp all of their trades, but many traders will scalp or swing,
depending on circumstances. Implicit in the concept of scalping for this second
group of scalpers is that they are not trading in the direction of a clear always-in
situation. If they are scalping, they must believe either that there is no clear trend
or that their trade is countertrend; otherwise they would be swinging. Even if the
market has been trending and traders enter on a pullback, if they scalp, they believe
that the trend is about to end, at least for a while. For example, if they buy a bull ﬂag
but exit with only a scalp, they suspect that the market is about to enter a trading
range. If they believed otherwise, they would hold their position for a larger proﬁt.

SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
423
Whenever a trader sees the market pull back three or four ticks after a signal, it
is a sign that big traders believe that the market is not likely to go far. Because
of this, the trader will consider only trading range trades or countertrend trades,
rather than trend trades. Since this means that the market is probably in a trading
range, experienced traders will tend to scalp rather than swing, and look to buy low,
sell high.
When traders are trading countertrend, they will sometimes trade a smaller
position, like half size, because they are willing to add on if the market goes against
them. If they do, they might get out once the market gets back to their ﬁrst entry
price. They would then have a breakeven trade on the ﬁrst entry and a scalper’s
proﬁt on the second. Whenever traders scalp, their proﬁt target is often about half
of the size of the minimum target for a swing, but the risk is usually the same. This
means that their reward is about the same size as their risk, and they therefore
need to have at least a 70 percent chance of success or else this approach is a
losing strategy. Scaling in can help increase the odds, but the trade-off is more risk
because your position size is larger. As easy and tempting as scalping appears to
be, it is a very difﬁcult approach to trade proﬁtably.
If you swing part of your trade using a breakeven stop after taking partial
proﬁts at a couple of points, this reduces the required winning percentage. If you
move your stop from the signal bar extreme to the entry bar extreme (one tick be-
yond both) after the entry bar closes, and then to breakeven after a ﬁve-tick move,
this further reduces the required winning percentage to be proﬁtable on the day.
Finally, some scalpers use a wider stop of three to ﬁve points and add on as the
market moves against them, and then use a wider proﬁt target, and this again fur-
ther reduces the required winning percentage. In general, if you see a setup that
you feel is a very high-probability trade, the trade will likely be a scalp instead of a
large swing. This is because whenever there is such an obvious imbalance, the mar-
ket will correct it quickly, so a very high-probability, relatively low-risk situation
cannot last more than a bar or two.
Swing traders use the same setups and stops as the scalpers, but focus on the
few trades each day that are likely to have at least a two-legged move. They can
usually net four or more points on part of their position on each trade and then
move their stop to breakeven on the balance. Many will let the trade go against them
and add on at a better price. However, they always have at least a mental stop and,
if the market gets to that point, they conclude that their idea can no longer be valid
and they will exit with a loss. Always look for where scalpers will have their stops,
and look to add on to your position at that location, if the pattern is still valid. If you
bought what you perceived to be a reversal, consider allowing the market to put in
a lower low and then add on at the second entry. For example, with a reliable stock
like Apple (AAPL), if you are buying what you perceive to be near the low of the
move and the overall market is not in a bear trend day, consider risking two to three

424
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
dollars on the trade and adding on at a one- to two-dollar open loss. However, only
experienced traders who are very comfortable in their ability to read price charts
and in their ability to accept a large loss if their read is wrong should attempt this.
On most days, the market should go your way immediately, so this is not an issue.
Swing traders can take a position and keep adding the same size position with
each subsequent signal, after they have a reasonable proﬁt. The stop on the entire
position is the stop of the most recent addition, which usually means that they will
have a proﬁt on their earlier entries, even if they lose on their ﬁnal entry. They
would also exit before their trailing stop was hit if the market generated a signal in
the opposite direction.
Everyone wants a very high winning percentage, but very few people ever de-
velop the ability to consistently win on 70 percent or more of their trades. This is
why so few traders can make a living scalping for one or two points in the Emini,
although just about everyone tries it for a while when starting out. For most traders
to be successful, they have to learn to accept a lower winning percentage and
develop the patience to swing trade, allowing pullbacks along the way. Even if
traders are very successful scalpers, unless they are also willing to swing trade
occasionally, they will usually not participate in some protracted trends where the
probability of a successful trade is often 60 percent or less. Many very good traders
sit quietly during these times and simply wait for a high-probability scalp, missing
a good part of what is often a protracted move. This is an acceptable way to trade,
because the goal of trading is to make money, not to be constantly placing trades.
When the Emini has an average daily range of 10 to 15 points, there will usually
be at least one trade a day where a trader can enter on a stop and exit on a limit
order with a four-point proﬁt. Since 99 percent of the days have at least a ﬁve-point
range, theoretically a trader could enter and exit on limit orders and make four
points, but that is impossible for anyone to do consistently on small range days.
In general, it is easier for traders to spot setups where they can enter on stops
and exit on either limit orders or trailing stops. There is at least one four-point
swing on 90 percent of the days, and about ﬁve four-point swings occur in about
10 percent of the days. Most days have one to three swings where a trader can
make four points from a stop entry. If a trader is making 10 to 15 trades a day, then
most of the trades are scalps. However, strong scalpers will know when a setup
has a reasonable chance of becoming a swing of four to 10 points and will usually
swing a quarter to a half of their positions in those situations. Once they exit the
scalp portion, if there are additional entries as the market continues in their swing
direction, they will usually put scalps back on when additional setups develop.
Swing trading is much more difﬁcult than it appears when a trader looks at a
chart at the end of the day. Swing setups tend to be either unclear, or clear but
scary. Most swing setups have a 40 to 50 percent chance of leading to a swing that
will reach the trader’s proﬁt target. In the other 50 to 60 percent of trades, either

SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
425
traders will exit before the target is reached if they believe that the target is no
longer reasonable, or their protective stop will be hit. Most swing traders enter
on reversals, because they need to get into the trade early if they hope to make
four or more points. When a trend is especially strong, they can often make four
points by entering on a pullback or even on the close of a bar in a strong spike, but
these situations arise only a couple of times a week. Most swing traders try to buy
some kind of double bottom, short some kind of double top, or enter on some other
reliable opening reversal setup in the ﬁrst couple of hours of the day. They often
have to enter on several reversals before one turns into a big swing, but they still
usually make money, on balance, on the trades that do not reach a four-point target.
Those trades end up as scalps. For example, if a trader bought a double bottom
in the ﬁrst hour, and then after six bars the market set up a reasonable double top,
the trader might reverse to short, maybe making a point or two on the long. Just as
a scalper sometimes swings, most swing traders end up with lots of scalps. Once
swing traders believe that their premise is no longer valid, they exit, often with
a scalp.
After swing traders see a reasonable setup, they have to take the trade. Swing
setups almost always appear less certain than scalp setups, and this lower probabil-
ity tends to make traders wait. When there is a strong signal bar, it usually comes as
part of a very emotional reversal, and a beginning trader is still thinking that the old
trend remains in effect. Beginning traders are typically unprepared for this. They
might be thinking that the old trend is still in effect, and they might have lost on
several earlier countertrend trades today and don’t want to lose any more money.
Their denial causes them to miss the early entry. Entering on the breakout or after
the breakout bar closes is hard to do, because the breakout spike is often large,
and traders have to quickly decide to risk much more than they usually do. This is
why they often end up choosing to wait for a pullback. Even if they reduce their
position size so that the dollar risk is the same as with any other trade, the thought
of risking two or three times as many ticks frightens them. Entering on a pullback
is difﬁcult because every pullback begins with a minor reversal, and they are afraid
that the pullback might be the start of a deep correction. They end up waiting until
the day is almost over and then ﬁnally decide that the trend is clear, but now there
is no more time left to place a trade. Trends do everything they can to keep traders
out, and that is the only way they can keep traders chasing the market all day. When
a setup is easy and clear, the move is usually a small, fast scalp. If the move is going
to go a long way, it has to be unclear and difﬁcult to take, to keep traders on the
sidelines and force them to chase the trend.
Swing traders should always be wondering if they should exit the trade early,
before their proﬁt target is reached. One way to help decide is to imagine that you
are ﬂat and think about whether you should enter at the market with a swing-size
position and a protective stop exactly where a swing trader who is in the market

426
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
would have his stop. If you would not take that trade, then you should exit your
swing position immediately. This is because holding your current swing trade is
identical ﬁnancially to initiating a new trade of the identical size at that price and
with that stop.
Most swing traders will scalp out if the trade is not unfolding as desired, and
most scalpers will swing part of their position when they are entering on the best
setups, so there is a lot of overlap in what both do. The fundamental difference is
that the scalper will take far more trades, and most of those trades are not likely
to yield more than a scalper’s proﬁt, whereas a swing trader tries to only take the
trades that are likely to have at least two legs. Neither way is superior to the other,
and traders choose the method that best suits their personalities.
As discussed in the section on the trader’s equation in Chapter 25, swing trades
are usually less certain than scalp trades. This means that the probability of success
is less. However, a trader who is swinging is looking for a large proﬁt, and the proﬁt
is usually at least twice as large as the risk. This larger potential proﬁt compensates
for the lower probability of success and can lead to a favorable trader’s equation.
The biggest swings come from breakouts of trading ranges and from reversals, and
most reversal patterns are trading ranges. This is where uncertainty is highest, and
the probability of success is often 50 percent or less. A swing trader needs to look
for a setup where the reward is sufﬁciently larger than the risk, to compensate for
the lower probability of success. Scalps are much more certain, but a high degree
of certainty means a conspicuously large imbalance in the market, and a large im-
balance is quickly noticed and neutralized by traders. The result is that the market
quickly returns to a state of confusion (a trading range). Scalpers have to be fast in
deciding to take the trade and in taking proﬁts, because the move will usually come
back to the entry price within a few bars.
Swings last a long time because of uncertainty, which is usually a critical com-
ponent of any trade that lasts for many bars and covers many points. This is the
wall of worry that is often mentioned in a strong bull trend, and it works in an op-
posite form in a strong bear trend. The difﬁculties of trend trading are discussed
in the ﬁrst book. Trends begin as small or large spikes, and then evolve into small
or large channels. When the breakout is small, traders are uncertain if there will be
follow-through. When it is big and strong, the uncertainty takes a different form.
Traders are unsure of how much they have to risk to stay in the trade, and if the
trader’s equation is favorable because of the large risk. They see the large spike
and realize that they might have to risk to the opposite side of the spike. This in-
creased risk results in a much smaller position size. They then chase the market
as it enters a channel, because their initial position was smaller than they wanted
it to be. The channel then has the uncertainty of being a two-sided market. At the
end of the day, beginners will look at the chart and see a strong trend, and won-
der how they missed it. The reason is that all big moves are uncertain as they are

SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
427
unfolding, and this traps traders out of the strongest trends. It also often traps
traders into countertrend trades, resulting in repeated losses. Even a beginner has
a sense of probabilities and senses that the trend is a low-probability event, which
it is. The strongest trends happen only a few times a month, so beginners know
that the odds of today growing into one of those strong trend days are small. They
end up either denying it and getting trapped out or ﬁghting it and taking repeated
losses. Instead, they need to learn to accept it and follow what the market is doing.
If it is relentlessly going up, even though it looks weak, they need to buy at least a
small position, and swing it.
Trade management for swing trading is identical to that for always-in trading,
which is discussed in the third book, except that swing traders tend to scale out as
the trade goes their way. A truly always-in trader holds on to the position until there
is an opposite signal, and then reverses to a trade in the opposite direction. For
most traders, swing trading entries and stops are identical to those in trend trading,
which was discussed in book 1. One important difference is that most swing traders
treat exits in a trading range differently from those in a trend. In a trend, they are
more likely to let part of their positions run until there is an opposite signal, but in
a trading range, they are much more likely to exit the remainder of their positions
near the extreme of the trading range. At that point, they decide whether the move
was weak enough and the reversal pattern strong enough so that they should look
for an opposite swing, or instead the swing was strong enough so that they should
wait for a pullback and reenter for a second leg in their original direction.
When the average daily range in the Emini is 10 to 15 points and a trader can
usually use a two-point protective stop without getting stopped out of most good
trades, many swing traders will take partial proﬁts at two to four points, depending
on the situation. If traders think that the market is in a trading range and they are
buying a reversal up at the bottom, the probability of an equidistant move is usually
60 percent or more. Since they are risking two points, they then have a 60 per-
cent chance of making two points before the stop is hit. This results in a minimally
acceptable trader’s equation, and therefore a trader can take partial proﬁts at two
points. If traders believe that the trading range is tall enough for them to make three
or four points, they might take partial or full proﬁts at that level. Other traders will
take partial proﬁts on longs at resistance levels, like minor reversals at measured
move targets, above prior swing highs, and on bear trend line and bull trend chan-
nel line overshoots and reversals (failed breakouts). They will take partial proﬁts
on shorts at comparable support levels. All traders exit their ﬁnal positions when-
ever there is a strong reversal signal. Remember, they will exit partially or fully on
a weak reversal signal, but not usually reverse. This is because traders use different
criteria for exiting than for entering a trade. They require a stronger signal before
they enter, but will take partial or full proﬁts on a weaker signal in the direction
opposite to their position. There are many ways to proﬁtably trade swing trades,

428
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
and the only major issue is the trader’s equation. As long as the math makes sense,
then the approach is proﬁtable and therefore reasonable.
It is reasonable for an experienced trader to be primarily a scalper when trad-
ing Eminis, looking for two to four points (when the average daily range is about
10 to 15 points), and a swing trader when trading stocks. If you are one of those
extremely rare traders who can win on 80 percent or more of your trades, then you
can scalp some Emini trades for a one-point proﬁt. Exit part or all of your trade on
a limit order after four ticks of proﬁt, which usually requires the move to extend
six ticks beyond the signal bar (the entry is on a stop at one tick beyond the signal
bar; then you need four more ticks for your proﬁt, and your limit exit order usu-
ally is not ﬁlled until the price moves one tick beyond your target). Four ticks in
the Emini is one point, which is equivalent to a 10 cent (10-tick) move in the SPY
(ETF contract).
So what should a beginner do? Most traders will lose money if they scalp for a
proﬁt target that is smaller than their risk, even if they win on 60 percent of their
trades. Beginners will often be wrong about what they think is a 60 percent setup.
Many of their trades will actually be only 50 percent certain at best, although they
seemed much more certain at the time that the beginning traders took them. They
will probably think that they just need a little more experience to increase their
winning percentage up to 70 or 80 percent, where they know that math would then
be on their side. The reality is that they will never become that good, because very
few of the best traders ever get there. That is the simple truth.
At the other extreme is swing trading for a proﬁt that is at least twice as large as
his risk. Most of these setups are only 40 to 50 percent certain, but that is enough to
have a favorable trader’s equation. On most days, there are a couple of setups a day,
and sometimes ﬁve or more, and most are usually major trend reversals (discussed
in book 3). If a trader is willing to take low probability trades (the reward has to be
at least twice as big as the risk, as discussed in Chapter 25), he needs to take every
reasonable setup because the math is against him if he cherry picks. The trader’s
equation for these trades is positive for a basket of them, but the odds are that any
one trade will lose since the probability is less than 50 percent. The probability is
low because the setup looks bad, and the trade often looks weak even after the
entry and usually has several pullbacks before a strong trend ﬁnally begins. Many
traders instead prefer to wait for the trend to begin so that the probability will be
60 percent or higher, although there is less proﬁt remaining in the trade. Many swing
setups are strong, with probabilities of 60 percent or greater. When that is the case,
each trade has a positive trader’s equation and cherry picking is mathematically ac-
ceptable. Also, the math is good for either a swing or a scalp. Most traders starting
out will experiment with both swing trading and scalping and just about everything
else, like different time frames and indicators, to see if they can be successful and if
a particular style better suits their personalities. There is no one best way, and any

SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
429
approach where there is a positive trader’s equation is good. Many traders try to
catch ﬁve to 10 tradable swings a day where the probability of making a proﬁt that
is at least as large as the risk is 60 percent or greater. When they do, they usually
look for micro double tops to short and micro double bottoms to buy. If a trader
thinks that a setup is strong and will likely yield a reward that is at least as large as
his risk, then it has a probability of success of at least 60 percent (Chapter 25 dis-
cusses the mathematics of the directional probability of an equidistant move). This
allows the trader to have a stop that is the same size as his proﬁt target and still have
a favorable trader’s equation. Although this is the style that most successful traders
adopt, most beginners should instead ﬁrst look for strong swing trade setups, even
though the chance of success is often only 50 to 60 percent. This is because when
the reward is two or more times the size of the risk, the trader’s equation is even
stronger, despite the smaller probability of success. In the Emini, when the aver-
age daily range is about 10 to 15 points, look for trades with a good chance of a
four-point (twice the size of the initial risk) or more swing, and exit some or all at
four points. With experience, a trader can scalp out part for two to four points and
then swing the balance. If he focuses on these setups, he is giving himself a reason-
able chance to become a proﬁtable trader. If a trader ﬁnds that he often exits too
soon, he should consider placing his OCO orders (one to take proﬁt at two to four
points, the other to get stopped out with a loss of two points or less), walk away,
and come back in an hour. He might be surprised that he has suddenly become a
successful trader. Once the trend is established, look for additional entries in the
direction of the trend, scalping most for two points while risking about two points
and, if the trend is very strong, swinging some. As simple as this sounds, trading
is never easy because you are competing against very smart people in a zero sum
game, and what looks so obvious at the end of the day is usually not very obvious
at all in real time. It takes a long time to learn to trade proﬁtably and even once you
do, you have to stay sharp and maintain your discipline every day. It is challenging,
but that is part of the appeal. If you become successful, the ﬁnancial rewards can
be huge.
When it comes to stocks, there is much more variability in the size of the proﬁt
targets. For a $500 stock with an average daily range of $10, it would be foolish to
scalp for 10 cents, because you would likely have to risk about two dollars, and
your winning percentage would have to be over 95 percent. However, scalping for
10 cents might be worthwhile in QQQ especially if you are trading 10,000 shares.
It is relatively easy to look for swings in high-volume stocks (at least three
million shares per day, but preferably seven million or more) that have an average
range of several dollars. You want minimal slippage, reliable patterns, and at least
$1.00 proﬁt per trade. Try to scalp for $1.00 and then use a breakeven stop on the
balance; hold until the close or until a clear and strong opposite setup develops.
You might be able to watch about ﬁve stocks regularly throughout the day and

430
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
sometimes check on up to another ﬁve or so at different times during the day, but
you will rarely ever trade them.
An Emini scalper will likely be able to enter only a couple of stock trades a day,
since Emini day trading takes so much attention. Also, if you only use bar charts for
stocks, this allows you to put six charts on one screen. Just pick the one stock that
is trending the best and then look for a pullback near the moving average. You can
also trade reversals if you see a trend channel overshoot and reversal after there
was a prior strong trend line break. If the Emini market is active, consider trading
only 15 minute stock charts, which require less attention.
When you are anticipating a signiﬁcant move or a new trend, or when you are
entering on a pullback in a strong trend, exit 25 to 75 percent of your contracts at
a scalper’s proﬁt that is equal to at least one to two times your initial risk, and then
scale out of the remaining contracts as the market continues to go your way. Move
your protective stop to around breakeven after you exit the scalp portion of your
trade. Sometimes you will want to risk as many as four to six ticks in the Eminis
if you feel strongly that the trade will remain good, and an exit and then a reentry
approach would be at a worse price. A good trade should not come back to let
latecomers in at the same price as the smart traders who got in at the perfect time.
If the trade is great, all of the traders who missed the initial entry are now so eager
to get in that they will be willing to enter at a worse price and will place limit entry
orders at a tick or two worse than the original entry, keeping the breakeven stop of
the original traders from being hit. However, sometimes the best trades come back
to beyond the breakeven stop to trap traders out of what will become a huge, fast
trend. When that seems like a possibility, risk a few extra ticks. Also, if it comes
back and runs those stops and then immediately resumes the new trend, reenter or
add to your swing position at one tick beyond the prior bar (in a new bull trend,
this is one tick above the prior bar’s high).
If the market touches the proﬁt target limit order but does not go through it
and the order is still ﬁlled, that means that there might be more trend pressure than
is evident on the chart, and the chances increase that the market will go beyond
the proﬁt target within the next several bars. If you were long and the market was
willing to buy your position back from you (you were selling on a limit to take
proﬁts) at the very highest tick of the leg, the buyers are aggressive and will likely
reemerge on any pullback. Look for opportunities to get long again.
Similarly, if the market touches your proﬁt target (for example, nine ticks be-
yond the signal bar) but you do not get ﬁlled, this can be a failure. If you were long
and the market hit nine ticks above the signal bar and you were not ﬁlled, con-
sider moving your stop to breakeven. Once this bar closes, if the context makes a
reversal trade likely, consider placing an order to go short at one tick below this
bar, because that is likely where most of the remaining long scalpers will get out,
providing selling pressure. Also, they will not want to buy again until more price

SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
431
action unfolds, thus removing buyers from the market and increasing the odds that
the sellers will push the market down enough for you to scalp out of your short. A
ﬁve- or nine-tick failed breakout is common at the end of a protracted trend and is
often the ﬁrst sign of a reversal.
Although all stocks trade basically the same way, there are subtle personality
differences between them. For example, Apple (AAPL) is very respectful when it
comes to testing breakouts, whereas Goldman Sachs (GS) tends to run stops, re-
quiring a wider stop.
Although it is theoretically possible to make a living by trading for one-point
scalps in the Emini, risking four to eight ticks and using a smaller time frame chart
like a one minute or 1,000 tick chart, it is like trying to make a living by panning
for gold, trying to collects grains instead of nuggets. It is really hard work, it is only
minimally proﬁtable even when you do it well, and it is not fun. You have a much
better chance of being successful and being able to trade happily for many years if
you go for a larger proﬁt and use a stop that is no larger than your proﬁt target.

432
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 24.1
FIGURE 24.1
Swing Long after a Pullback from a Strong Rally
As shown in Figure 24.1, Baidu (BIDU) broke above the 15 minute trend line late
yesterday and therefore was likely to have at least two legs up. It was possible that
the second up leg ended at bar 5, but today’s open was so strong that there likely
would be an attempt to exceed it after a pullback. The drop to bar 7 was sharp, but
bar 7 was a strong bull reversal bar that reversed the moving average gap, the gap
up open, and the test of the bar 3 high (it ran the stops below that high and turned
up sharply). For a $300 stock, you need a wider stop; so trade fewer shares to keep
the risk the same, but use a larger proﬁt target on the scalp portion of the trade.
Two dollars is a reasonable initial target, and then move the stop to breakeven and
exit by the close. Since this was a bull reversal from a bear spike and channel,
there was a reasonable chance that the market might even test the bar 1 top of the
bear channel.

Figure 24.1
SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
433
Very successful scalpers might have chosen not to participate in shorting dur-
ing the four-bar bear spike down to bar 7 if they believed that the probability of
any trade was under 70 percent. Traders who scalp exclusively will often sit qui-
etly during weaker spikes if they think that the probability is not high enough for a
scalp. The result is that they sometimes miss relatively big swings. However, this is
still an acceptable approach to trading for the few traders who are able to win on
70 percent or more of their trades.

434
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 24.2
FIGURE 24.2
Swings Up and Down
Today (as shown in Figure 24.2) offered many opportunities for swing traders in
both directions. The market fell almost 2 percent yesterday, but had been in a strong
bull trend for months. The sell-off was just a poke below the daily moving average
and was a pullback test the bottom of a bull channel in a 60 minute spike and chan-
nel bull trend. This meant that traders saw this as an area of support and thought
that the sharp sell-off yesterday might have been just a sell vacuum and not the
start of a bear trend. Both bars 3 and 5 were strong bull trend bars, and both fol-
lowed attempts to test yesterday’s low. The ﬁrst bar of the day had a big tail on
the top, which meant that it sold off into the close of the bar. However, instead of
ﬁnding enough bears to drive the market below yesterday’s strong bear close, the
bulls were so strong that they did not allow the low 1 short to trigger. The bar 4 low
2 (some saw it as a low 1) triggered, but was strongly reversed up by bar 5. Traders
thought that this was a possible low of the day and bought above bar 5 on a stop
for a swing up. The double top at bar 7 never triggered, because it was a two-bar
reversal and the trigger was below the lower of the two bars (the bull bar before
bar 7), and not just below the bear bar. Some bulls took partial proﬁts here (two to
three points, depending on where they bought) as bars 6 and 7 were forming, and
that long liquidation created the tails at the tops of the bars. The double top was
followed by the bar 8 bull trend bar, setting up a high 2 buy signal above the moving

Figure 24.2
SCALPING, SWINGING, TRADING, AND INVESTING
435
average in a bull swing, which is a reliable buy setup. Some bulls took partial proﬁts
at two, three, or four points up from this entry, and others took full proﬁts at three
or four points. Many did not exit until the market gave a sell signal at the bar 10
two-bar reversal. As with many swing trades, the sell setup was not ideal because
the momentum up from bar 8 was strong. This reduced the probability that a swing
short would have been successful. However, if this was a trading range day, a bear
had at least a 50 percent chance of the market testing the middle of the day’s range,
which was about ﬁve points below the entry price. With about a two-point risk, this
yielded a good trader’s equation.
This was the second leg up after a strong bear day and therefore a possible
high of the day. Some bears shorted here, but other traders wondered if there might
be another attempt up after such a strong rally. Once the market broke strongly to
the downside in the bear bar before bar 11, traders gave up on the notion that the
market might be forming a bull ﬂag pullback to the moving average. Many traders
shorted on this large bear bar, which is why it was a big bear breakout bar. Others
shorted on the close of bar 11. Since it did not have a bull close, it conﬁrmed the
bear breakout. Still others chased the market down and shorted on the bear bars
that followed. Since traders knew that the market might form a double bottom
near yesterday’s low, this sell-off could have been a sell vacuum instead of a bear
trend. This made many traders hesitant to short near the support of the low of
today and yesterday.
Bar 12 was a strong bull reversal bar with a low just above the low of yesterday,
and therefore a signal bar for a double bottom long. It also followed the largest
bear body of the day, which was an exhaustive sell climax and sell vacuum, and
not the start of a bear trend. Smart bears took proﬁts here, but many took partial
proﬁts at two, three, or four points from their entry prices, anticipating the double
bottom and expecting the day to become a trading range day. Their expectation
was based on their correct assumption that 80 percent of breakout attempts up
and down fail, no matter how strong the spikes appear. Strong bulls also bought
the sell vacuum, initiating new longs. Remember how strong the bulls appeared to
be in the rally to bar 10, only for the move to be seen later as just a buy vacuum
and not a new bull trend.
There was a second entry long after the failed bar 13 low 1 short at the bottom
of the developing trading range, and then a bull reversal bar higher low at bar 14.
Many bulls went long again here for a swing up. The spike up to bar 15 was strong,
so traders expected another rally attempt after a pullback, and most would have
considered this premise to remain valid as long as the market held above the bottom
of the bull spike. Some traders put their protective stops below bar 14, while others
used the bar 12 low. If they bought near the top of the spike, their risk was large
and therefore their position size had to be small. Beginning traders would have
had a hard time buying above either bar 12 or bar 14 because the sell-off was so

436
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 24.2
steep. However, the day appeared to be a trading range day. Therefore, experienced
traders were willing to buy a setup that might have only about a 40 to 50 percent
chance of success, like the one at bar 12, which they believed had the potential to
make about ﬁve points while risking about two. Bar 14 probably had a 60 percent
chance of success, but the reward at that point was now a little less. Both setups
had favorable trader’s equations, even though beginners would have had a difﬁcult
time taking them.
Aggressive bears shorted below the bar 18 two-bar reversal, which was a dou-
ble top and a lower high on the day. Other traders were instead waiting to buy a
pullback.
Bar 19 appeared to be a high 2 buy entry, but since the bar before it was not
a good buy signal bar, most traders would not have bought as bar 19 went outside
up. Most would have waited for a pullback before buying. Some would have bought
above bar 19 because it had a strong bull body, and the breakout above its high
would have been a sign of conﬁrmation of its bull breakout above the bar before it.
Instead of a breakout pullback, the market broke to the downside.
Bar 21 was a strong bull reversal bar and a high 3 buy setup. However, since
the market was still in the bear channel from bar 18, many bulls preferred to wait
for a second entry, which came with the high 4 two-bar reversal at bar 23. Some
bought the high 4 and others bought above the bull bar that followed bar 23. They
saw this as a bull ﬂag following the spike from bar 12 to bar 16, and they expected
a second leg up, maybe to a leg 1 = leg 2 measured move up. Some traders who
bought above bar 21 were aware that the market might form a lower low pullback
from the breakout above the top of the bar, and this is what happened. Because
of this possibility, many traded a smaller position size and used a wide protective
stop, like maybe below bar 14 or bar 12, or maybe three to ﬁve points. Those traders
then put on the remainder of their longs on the second entry above the bar 23 two-
bar reversal. Some longs took partial proﬁts at ﬁxed intervals, like two, three, or
four points, while others waited for price action proﬁt targets, like below the bar 26
second leg up or below the bar 28 wedge rally (bars 24, 26, and 28 were the three
pushes up).
Aggressive bears shorted below bar 28 or below the bear bar that followed it,
looking for a test of the bar 25 bull channel that followed the spike up from bar 23.
They took proﬁts at two, three, and four points, or just above, at, or below the
bar 25 bull channel low, or just before the close of the day.

C H A P T E R 2 5
Mathematics of Trading:
Should I Take This Trade?
Will I Make Money If
I Take This Trade?
I
have a friend who has traded for over 30 years, and I think that he makes 10 or
more points in the Eminis pretty much every day. He once told me that he be-
lieved that the average beginner should be able to make at least six points a day.
I told him that I disagreed—that most beginners would be happy to consistently
make two points a day. I left the conversation realizing that there are traders who
have been wildly successful for so long that they have completely forgotten what it
was like to be in the losing camp. However, the conversation also made me realize
that, with enough experience, traders’ good habits can become so much a part of
who they are that trading becomes essentially effortless. But in every case, mathe-
matics still has to be the basis of what they are doing. In fact, trading is entirely
about math, and all successful traders understand probabilities and the trader’s
equation extremely well. The math changes with every tick, which is a barrier to
those who don’t understand what is going on and a great advantage to those who do.
Beginning traders are constantly looking for the perfect trade, one with a clear
setup, high probability of success, low risk, and a large reward. At the end of the
day, they wonder why they couldn’t ﬁnd one. Surely those trades exist, because
how else are the big traders getting rich? What they don’t realize is that making
money is very difﬁcult, because the market is ﬁlled with smart people who are
trying to take money from each other. This prevents anyone from ever having a
huge advantage. As soon as a perfect setup begins to form, everyone trades it and
it quickly disappears, because there is no one willing to take the opposite side. The
traders who missed the perfect setup don’t want to chase it, and will enter only on
a pullback. Once the market begins to pull back after not going very far, all of the
traders who entered on what they thought was perfection are now holding losing
437

438
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
trades. They quickly dump their positions and the perfect trade now goes in the
opposite direction.
To make money as a trader, you need an edge, which means a mathematical
advantage based on the size of your risk and reward, and on the probability of
your proﬁt target being reached before your protective stop is hit. Edges are rarely
large, so whenever one of the three variables is unusually good, it will be offset by
one or both of the other variables being bad. For example, if the potential reward is
much larger than the risk, meaning that the risk is relatively small, the probability
is usually small. If the probability is high, the reward is small and the risk is often
high. The edge that traditional ﬁrms have is that they trade enough volume to have
a vote on the direction of the market, and they have many trading systems running
simultaneously and many traders trading independently, which smooths out their
equity curve. Their goal is a small reward, usually 10 percent to 20 percent proﬁt
per year, with a relatively small risk and a high probability of success (they expect
to make money by the end of the year more than 70 percent of the time). The edge
of the high-frequency trading (HFT) ﬁrms is that they have a highly reliable statis-
tical advantage, which is probably only 5 percent or less (a chance of winning of
less than 55 percent is about a 5 percent advantage over a 50–50 pure luck system),
but they apply it millions of times each week. This gives them a casino advantage.
If a casino has only one customer, and he bets a billion dollars on a single bet, the
casino has a 47 percent chance of going out of business on that bet. However, with
a huge number of bets of ordinary sizes, the math greatly favors that their edge
will result in a consistent proﬁt. The same is true for a HFT ﬁrm. Since many are
trying to make just a tick or two on each trade, their reward is tiny and their risk
is relatively large on each trade, but the reliability of their success is high. Most
of them probably have a 90 percent chance or better of making a proﬁt every day,
which means that their probability of success is high. The edge that day traders can
have is an exceptional ability to read charts, resulting in a high winning percentage,
which can be 70 percent or more. When combined with a proﬁt target that is at
least as large as the risk, they can make a very high return on their equity. Most of
the very best traders in the world are discretionary traders, using subjective evalua-
tions to make their decisions. Why would a superstar continue to work at Goldman
Sachs, sharing his rewards, when he can go out on his own and open a hedge fund
or trade for himself? Very few would, and that is why the world’s greatest traders
go out on their own, and it is also the great lure for all of us. There are countless
examples on Wall Street of well-known traders earning billions of dollars a year
from discretionary trading. Some hold positions for months or years at a time,
like Warren Buffett, whereas others are day traders, like Paul Rotter, the “Eurex
ﬂipper.” Day traders have many options in the trade-offs among risk, reward, and
probability, and some are willing to accept a lower probability of success, say 40
percent, in exchange for a reward that is three or more times the risk.

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
439
Here are some examples of situations where a trader has an edge:
Probability of success of 70 percent or better (reward has to be at least
half as big as risk just to break even):
r Scalps, but since most traders cannot consistently pick trades with a 70 per-
cent chance of success, they should trade a scalp only if the reward is at
least as large as the risk. For example, if you believe that a two-point stop
is needed in the Emini, take the trade only if at least a two-point reward is
reasonable.
Probability of success of 60 percent or better (reward has to be at least
as big as risk to break even):
r Buying a high 2 pullback to the moving average in a bull trend.
r Selling a low 2 pullback to the moving average in a bear trend.
r Buying a wedge bull ﬂag pullback in a bull trend.
r Selling a wedge bear ﬂag pullback in a bear trend.
r Buying a breakout pullback from a breakout of a bull ﬂag in a bull trend.
r Selling a breakout pullback from a breakout of a bear ﬂag in a bear trend.
r Buying a high 1 pullback in a strong bull spike in a bull trend, but not after a
buy climax.
r Selling a low 1 pullback in a strong bear spike in a bear trend, but not after a
sell climax.
r Shorting at the top of a trading range, especially if it is a second entry.
r Buying at the bottom of a trading range, especially if it is a second entry.
r Trend reversals:
r After a strong break of the trend line, look for a reversal after a test of the
trend’s extreme where there is a good reversal signal bar. Traders are looking
to buy a higher low or a lower low at a bottom, or to short a higher high or a
lower high at a top.
r Strong ﬁnal ﬂag reversal.
r Buying a third or fourth push down in a bear stairs pattern for a test of the
low of the prior push down.
r Selling a third or fourth push up in a bull stairs pattern for a test of the high
of the prior push up.
r Entering using limit orders; this requires more experience reading charts, be-
cause the trader is entering in a market that is going in the opposite direction to
the trade. However, experienced traders can reliably use limit or market orders
with these setups:
r Buying a bull spike in a strong bull breakout at the market or at the close of
the bar, or on a limit order at or below the low of the prior bar (entering in
spikes requires a wider stop and the spike happens quickly, so this combina-
tion is difﬁcult for many traders).

440
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
r Selling a bear spike in a strong bear breakout at the market or at the close
of the bar, or on a limit order at or above the high of the prior bar (enter-
ing in spikes requires a wider stop and the spike happens quickly, so this
combination is difﬁcult for many traders).
r Buying a bear breakout at around a measured move, if the breakout is not
too strong—for example, if the range is about four points tall in the Emini,
buying on a limit order at four points below the range, risking four points,
and expecting a test of the breakout point. Only very experienced traders
should consider this.
r Selling a bull breakout at around a measured move, if the breakout is not
too strong—for example, if the range is about four points tall in the Emini,
selling on a limit order at four points above the range, risking four points, and
expecting a test of the breakout point. Only very experienced traders should
consider this.
r Buying at or below a low 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order in a possible
new bull trend after a strong reversal or at the bottom of a trading range.
r Shorting at or above a high 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order in a possible
new bear trend after a strong reversal or at the top of a trading range.
r Buying at or below the prior bar on a limit order in a quiet bull ﬂag at the
moving average.
r Shorting at or above the prior bar on a limit order in a quiet bear ﬂag at the
moving average.
r Buying below a bull bar that breaks above a bull ﬂag, anticipating a breakout
pullback.
r Selling above a bear bar that breaks below a bear ﬂag, anticipating a breakout
pullback.
Probability of success of about 50 percent (reward has to be at least
50 percent greater than risk to break even):
r The initial entry when scaling into a position in a trading range.
r Buying or selling in a tight trading range, expecting a breakout that would result
in a proﬁt that is several times greater than your risk.
r Shorting a lower high in a trading range when the trend might be reversing
down, or buying a higher low when the trend might be reversing up. Since the
entry is in the middle of the trading range, the probability is 50 percent, but the
reward is usually twice the risk.
Probability of success of 40 percent or less (reward has to be at least
twice the size of risk):
r Buying at the bottom of a bear trend or shorting at the top of bull trend where
the reversal trade allows for a small risk and a very large reward—for example,
shorting a rally to a clear resistance level, entering on a limit order at one tick

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
441
below the resistance, and having a protective stop at one or two ticks above it.
There are several examples in the chapter on entering on limit orders.
Probability of success of 40 percent to 60 percent, depending on circum-
stances (reward has to be at least twice the size of risk to break even
when the probability is only 40 percent):
r Buying a breakout test in a bull trend on a limit order as the market is falling, or
shorting a breakout test in a bear trend on a limit order as the market is rising.
r Buying below a low 1 or 2 signal bar, even if it is not weak, on a limit order
(a potential higher low) in a new bull trend or at the bottom of a trading range,
or shorting above a high 1 or 2 signal bar, even if it is not weak, on a limit order
(a potential lower high) in a new bear trend or at the top of a trading range. For
example, if the market might be completing a wedge reversal top in a bull trend
and pulls back for a bar or a few bars, shorting above the high 1 and high 2
signal bars is shorting in what you hope is a new bear swing.
r Fading magnets, like shorting at a measured move up in a bull trend or buying
at a measured move down in a bear trend.
r Buying a sell climax around the close of an unusually large bear trend bar in an
area of support in an overdone bear trend (climaxes are discussed in book 3).
r Selling a buy climax around the close of an unusually large bull trend bar in an
area of resistance in an overdone bull trend.
Beginning traders quickly learn that trading trends appears to be an excellent
way to make money. However, they soon discover that trading trends is actually
just as difﬁcult as any other type of trading. For them to make money, someone
else has to lose it. The market is a zero-sum game being played by countless smart
people on both sides. This guarantees that the three variables in the trader’s equa-
tion will always keep the edge small and difﬁcult to assess. For a trader to make
money, he has to be consistently better than half of the other traders out there.
Since most of the competitors are proﬁtable institutions, a trader has to be very
good. In a trend, the probability is often smaller than a beginner would like, and the
risk is larger. In a trading range, the risk is not great, but neither is the probability or
the reward. In a reversal, although the reward can be large, the risk is often big as
well and the probability is small. In a scalp, the probability is high, but the reward
is small compared to the risk.
THE TRADER’S EQUATION
Even though most traders don’t think about a trade in mathematical terms, all suc-
cessful traders use the trader’s equation, at least subconsciously. You will often

442
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
hear pundits on television talk about the risk/reward ratio when they are decid-
ing whether to take a trade. This is unfortunate because it overlooks an equally
important variable, probability. To take a trade, you must believe that the trader’s
equation is favorable: the probability of success times the reward has to be greater
than the probability of failure times the risk. When a pundit says that a trade has a
good risk/reward ratio, he simply means that it has an edge or a mathematical ad-
vantage, if you manage your trade correctly. Implicit in his recommendation is that
the trade will “probably” work, meaning that he believes that there is better than
a 50 percent chance that you will make a proﬁt. Although they don’t think of their
comments this way, this is what they must believe if they are successful traders,
because there is no way to be successful without considering all three variables.
With any trade, you set the reward and risk because the potential reward is the
distance to your proﬁt target and the risk is the distance to your stop. The difﬁ-
culty in solving the equation is assigning a value to the probability, which can never
be known with certainty. In general, if you are uncertain, assume that you have a
50 percent of winning or losing, and if you are conﬁdent that the signal looks good,
assume that you have a 60 percent chance of winning and a 40 percent chance of
losing. Don’t even worry about how far the move might go. Simply evaluate whether
the setup looks good, and if it does, assume that the probability of a move up of any
size has a 60 percent chance or better compared to a move down of the same size.
This is the probability (or directional probability) of an equidistant move and is dis-
cussed later in this chapter. If the potential reward is many times larger than the
risk, many traders will also consider taking a trade that is unlikely to be successful.
When that is the case, they should assume that the probability is 40 percent. If the
probability of success is much less than that, very few traders would ever consider
taking the trade, no matter how great the potential reward is.
It is important to understand the implications of these probabilities. Otherwise,
it is easy for a beginning trader to become upset when the market does something
that he thinks is improbable, or even impossible. No matter how conﬁdent you feel,
the market will often do the exact opposite of what you believe that it should. If you
are 60 percent conﬁdent that the market will go up, that means that in 40 percent of
the cases it will instead go down, and you will lose if you take the trade. You should
not ignore that 40 percent any more than you would dismiss someone 30 yards
away who is shooting at you, but who has only a 40 percent chance of hitting you.
Forty percent is very real and dangerous, so always respect the traders who believe
the opposite of you.
If you don’t take a trade because you think that the probability is only 50 per-
cent and you only take trades where you think the probability is 60 percent, then in
half of the cases you will miss a good trade. This is just part of trading and a con-
sequence of the edges being as small as they have to be in a zero-sum game with
a huge number of very smart people, where half of them believe the exact oppo-
site of the other half. Never get upset or confused by the market doing anything.

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
443
Simply accept that anything is possible, even if you do not understand why it is
happening. No one ever really understands why, and the reason is never important.
You make money from math, not from reasons, so if someone takes trades only
when the trader’s equation is strongly favorable, that trader is in a good position to
consistently make money.
You have to remain in your comfort zone if you expect to trade proﬁtably for
many years. Some traders like trades where the reward is several times greater
than the risk, and they are willing to win on only 30 to 40 percent of their trades.
This approach has a favorable trader’s equation, but most trades have a reward that
is only about as large as the risk. This means that these traders will choose to miss
most trades that take place every day because they don’t believe that the reward
is large enough to justify the low probability of success. Other traders will only
trade high probability setups, and are willing to accept a reward that is only as large
as the risk. However, very often when the market is trending, the pullbacks are
small and the probability of the setups is often less than 50 percent. For example,
if there is a weak bear channel with prominent tails, there might be a sell signal
at the bottom of the channel. The market looks like the odds favor the formation
of a trading range, but bears who are willing to short at the bottom, looking for a
swing that is two or three times as large as their risk, will do very well. The traders
who only want high probability trades will sit and watch the bear continue for 10
or 20 bars as they wait for a high probability reversal setup to buy or pullback to
short. This is also an acceptable approach to trading. Some traders are comfortable
in all environments and adjust their style to the market. This allows them to trade
proﬁtably all day long, which is the goal of every trader. The reality is that most
good traders have a particular style and wait for setups consistent with that style.
Scalpers seek relatively small proﬁts compared to the risk that they incur (they
should go for a reward that is at least as large as the risk), and need a high probabil-
ity of success to create a positive trader’s equation. Don’t assume that this means
that they will only trade ﬂags, because many will also trade strong breakouts. With
a strong breakout, the stop theoretically is beyond the spike, which can be far away
(for example, in a four bull trend bar breakout, the initial stop is theoretically below
the low of the ﬁrst bar, although most traders would not risk that much). However,
since the breakout is strong, there is a 60 percent chance or better of an equidistant
move. This means that they can take a trade with high risk, because the reward is
equally high and the probability is also high. To keep their dollars at risk the same
as it is for their other trades, they have to trade smaller volume.
One of the most important decisions that traders make all day long is whether
the bulls or the bears will win at the high or low of the prior bar. For example, if
there is a strong bull trend bar, will there be more bears selling to initiate shorts, and
bulls selling out of their longs and taking proﬁts around the high and close of the
bar, mostly using market and limit orders, or will there be more bulls initiating new
longs and bears buying back their shorts, mostly using stop orders? Similarly, at the

444
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
low, will there be more buying or more selling? Traders try to assess the probability
of making enough of a proﬁt to offset the risk that they need to assume in a trade.
Their goal is to make money over time, and they know that they will often lose.
However, for them to be proﬁtable in the long run, they need to be taking trades
that have favorable (positive) trader’s equations.
Once you see a possible setup, the ﬁrst thing you have to do is determine how
far away your protective stop has to be. Once you know your risk, you can decide
on the number of shares or contracts that you can trade, keeping your total risk to
within your normal limits. For example, if you normally risk $500 when you buy a
stock, and you think that you would need to have your protective stop on the trade
in question at about $1.00 below your entry price, then you can trade 500 shares.
You then decide on what the probability of the trade is. If you cannot tell, then you
assume that it is 50 percent. If it is 50 percent, then your potential reward should to
be at least twice the size of your risk to make the trade worth taking. If you cannot
reasonably expect to make $2.00 on that long, don’t take the trade. If the chance of
success is 60 percent, then your reward has to be at least equal to your risk, and if
that $1.00 proﬁt target is unreasonable, don’t take the trade. If you do take the trade,
make sure to use at least a $1.00 proﬁt target, since that is the minimum that you
need to have a positive trader’s equation when the risk is $1.00 and the probability
is 60 percent.
Every trade needs a mathematical basis. Assume that you have to risk two
points in the Emini and you are considering a short setup. Is it 60 percent certain
that you can make two points before losing two points? Is there a 70 percent chance
of making one point, or a 40 percent chance of making four points? If the answer to
any of these is yes, then there is at least a minimum mathematical reason to take the
trade. If the answer to all of them is no, then consider the same three possibilities
for a long. If the answer is yes for any of the three choices, then consider taking the
trade. If the answer is no for both the bulls and the bears, then entering on a stop is
not a good approach at the moment, and the market is unclear. This means that it
is in a trading range, and experienced traders can look to short above bars and buy
below bars with limit orders.
There are three variables to the trader’s equation, and traders might focus on
one over the other three because of their personalities. For example, a trader who
needs a high winning percentage to be able to stay focused for the entire day will
tend to look for trades where that is possible and would therefore have to be will-
ing to accept relatively less reward and more risk. When the probability is high, the
imbalance is conspicuous and the market will neutralize it quickly. The result is
that the move usually lasts for only a few bars, and therefore the reward generally
has to be small. Because the probability is often high and risk is small for a good
scalp setup, traders will often trade their largest position size when taking a strong
scalp. At the other extreme are traders who want their reward to be much larger

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
445
than their risk, and to achieve that goal, they will have to be comfortable winning
on only about 40 percent of their trades. When the probability is low, traders often
trade smaller and some look to add on as the market goes their way. It is therefore
common for a swing trader to take a smaller initial position than a scalp trader.
Someone else might be risk averse and want a minimal risk on each trade. To get
that, the trader has to accept some combination of lower reward and lower prob-
ability of success. There are other traders who take whatever trade is present and
trade it appropriately, based on the context. When the probability is relatively high,
they will take proﬁts sooner. When the most important feature of the trade appears
to be the reward that it offers, they accept that the probability will be less and that
they have to be willing to swing more of their position to make the strategy work
over time. Many trades are in between these extremes and have about a 50 percent
chance of success. Whenever a trader takes one, he should always try for a reward
that is about twice the size of his risk, to keep the trader’s equation positive.
Even though a low-probability trade can have a potential reward that is much
larger than the risk and therefore be a great trade, there is an inherent problem for
most traders. Because swing trades have a large reward, by deﬁnition, they must
also have either relatively low probabilities or large risks. A trade cannot exist with
a high probability of making a large reward relative to the risk. Why not? Remem-
ber, there has to be someone who will take the other side of your trade, and since
institutions control the market, then you have to believe that an institutional trader
is willing to trade against you. If your probability of success is 80 percent, his is
20 percent. If your reward is six points, his risk is six points. If your risk is two
points, his reward is two points. So if you think that you have an 80 percent chance
of making six points while risking two points, then you believe that there are in-
stitutional traders willing to take the opposite side of your trade, where they have
a 20 percent chance of making only two points while risking six points. Since that
is virtually impossible in a huge market, you have to assume that your assessment
of the variables is wrong and the trade is not nearly as good as you think. No in-
stitution has to be willing to do the exact opposite of what you are doing, but the
market, which is composed of all institutions and is basically a single big institu-
tion, does. So some combination of institutions has to be willing to do the opposite
of everything that you do, and if your trade is so great, then theirs is horrible, and
the market would never allow it to develop. Yes, there are many na¨ıve people who
would be willing to take the other side of your trade because of their misread of the
market, but the market is very efﬁciently controlled by institutions, and they would
never let an edge get that large. You should assume that both sides of virtually every
trade that takes place is being placed by an institution, or by an individual placing
a trade that an institution would take if that individual did not place the trade. In-
dividuals place lots of trades, but they cannot move the market, no matter how
ignorant they are willing to be with their orders. Their orders can only get ﬁlled if

446
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
an institution is willing to place the same order. For example, if the Emini is at 1264
and you are long with a protective sell stop at 1262, your stop cannot get hit unless
there is an institution who is also willing to sell at 1262. This is true for virtually all
trades. If the market is going up strongly, why would any institution ever be willing
to sell below the market? Because many bought much lower and are looking for
reasons to take proﬁts. If they believe that the market falling to 1262 is a reason
to take partial proﬁts, they will sell there. If the market hits your stop, it is not be-
cause it was running stops on the little guys. It is because there were institutions
who believed that selling at 1262 was a mathematically sound decision.
As any trade starts to move in the direction of having high probability, high
reward, and low risk, institutions would act quickly to take advantage of it, pre-
venting the edge from ever becoming very big. Also, the ﬁrms on the losing side of
the edge would act fast to increase their edge. The market would move fast and far
in the form of one or more large trend bars (a spike) in the direction of that proﬁt
target, greatly increasing the risk (the size of the required stop) before the setup
became strong. The weak signal or the low probability makes most swing trades
difﬁcult to take. No one is going to give you money, and trading is always going to
be difﬁcult. If you see easy money, you are reading the market wrong and will soon
ﬁnd yourself giving your money to someone else.
Ninety percent or more of all trading in large markets is done by institutions,
which means that the market is effectively a collection of institutions. Almost all
are proﬁtable over time, and the few that are not soon go out of business. Since
institutions are proﬁtable and they are the market, every trade that you take has
a proﬁtable trader (a part of the collection of institutions) taking the other side of
your trade. No trade can take place without one institution willing to take one side
and another willing to take the other. Seventy percent of all volume is generated by
computer algorithms, and the small volume from individual traders is not enough
to deter the program trading from its path. The small volume trades made by indi-
viduals can only take place if an institution would be willing to take the same trade.
If you want to buy at a certain price, the market will not get to that price unless
one or more institutions also want to buy at that price. You cannot sell at any price
unless one or more institutions are willing to sell there, because the market can
only go to a price where there are institutions willing to buy and others willing to
sell. If you trade 200 Emini contracts, then you are trading institutional volume and
are effectively an institution, and you will sometimes be able to move the market
a tick or two. Most individual traders, however, have no ability to move the mar-
ket, no matter how ignorantly they are willing to trade. The market will not run
your stops. The market might test the price where your protective stop is, but it has
nothing to do with your stop. It will only test that price if one or more institutions
believe that it is ﬁnancially sound to sell there and other institutions believe that
it is proﬁtable to buy there. At every tick, there are institutions buying and other

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
447
institutions selling, and all have proven systems that will make money by placing
those trades.
Whenever a trader is taking a scalp, the trader on the other side is probably a
swing trader. However, many swing traders will also take the opposite side from
other swing traders. Good scalpers cannot not take the other side of trades placed
by other good scalpers because the risk and reward are about the same for both
directions, and only one can have a high probability of success. The scalper has a
high probability of success, so the trader on the opposite side has a low probability
of success. Since he is an institutional trader, you have to believe that his method-
ology is sound and proﬁtable over time. How can that be if you are making money
doing the opposite of him in a zero sum game? Because you are not. Your entry is
the opposite, but your management is not. Let’s say that you are using a two-point
proﬁt target and a two-point stop in the Emini and you are shorting above a weak
high 1 buy signal bar at the top of a trading range, correctly believing that you have
better than a 60 percent chance of success. The institutional trader is buying as you
are selling and his risk might also be two points, which is the opposite of your re-
ward (he gets stopped out where you take your proﬁts), but his reward is far greater
than your risk. Your protective stop is two points. That is where you will buy back
your short for a loss. However, that is not where he will sell out of his long. His
target is probably several times greater, so he can have a positive trader’s equation,
despite a low probability of success. He might also be using a very wide stop and
scaling into his trade, both of which could increase his probability to 60 percent
or more, even though the probability of success on his initial entry might be only
40 percent. If you think about it, low probability trades could not exist if there was
no way to manage them to get a positive trader’s equation, because no institution
would ever take them and they would never trigger. They can only trigger if an
institution is willing to take them, and an institution would not take them unless
there was a way to trade them proﬁtably. Institutions have many ways to manage
their trades to ensure a positive trader’s equation, including scaling in or out, using
a wide stop, hedging, and swinging the trade for a reward that is sufﬁciently larger
than the risk, so that they can offset the low probability.
The spectrum of market activity is from intensely one-sided, like during the
spike phase of a strong trend, to extremely two-sided, like in an extremely tight
trading range. Most of the time, it is in between, with periods of more one-sided
trading alternating with periods when two-sided trading is more dominant. This can
easily be seen in a trading range, where trend bars represent one-side trading, and
reversals and tails represent two-sided trading. When the market is in a bull trend
and moves above the high of the prior bar, it is breaking out, and when it moves
below the low of the prior bar, it is pulling back. The opposite is true in a bear
trend, where a breakout is a move below the low of the prior bar and a pullback is a
move above the high of the prior bar. When the market is extremely one-sided, like

448
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
during the spike phase of a strong trend, pullbacks are mostly due to proﬁt taking.
For example, if the market is in a strong bull spike made of ﬁve bull trend bars and
it then trades below the low of the ﬁfth bar, it does so because bulls who bought
lower are selling out of part of their positions to take some proﬁts. Remember,
there has to be an institution taking the other side of every trade, and he will only
do so if it is part of a proﬁtable strategy. There also is a sell vacuum that sucks the
market below that bar. It is due to all of the bulls who are eager to either initiate
longs or add to their longs, and they have been placing limit orders at and below the
lows of the prior bars, hoping to get long at a small discount. These bulls are eager
to get long, but only at a better price. If the prior bar is six ticks tall, many of these
bulls will only begin buying at six ticks below the high of the bar or lower (in other
words, at the low or below the bar). This means that there is a relative absence of
buyers from one to ﬁve ticks down, and the price can get sucked down quickly to
ﬁnd buyers, which it will succeed in doing around the low of the bar. Remember,
the bulls who are taking proﬁts are selling out of part of their longs and they need
buyers to take the other side of their trade. Once the proﬁt takers decide to take
partial proﬁts, they need to be willing to sell at a price where there will be enough
traders willing to buy. Once the market gets high enough, the only traders willing to
buy will be those waiting for the market to fall below the prior bar. If enough bulls
want to take proﬁts, the market will have to drop below the prior bar for them to
be able to exit part of their longs. Other bulls will only begin to take proﬁts on their
longs if the market moves below the prior bar, so they will sell out on a stop at one
tick below the bar. The bulls who are eager to buy will take the other side of the
proﬁt taking bulls. There will be very few bears shorting below the low of that bar,
so the move down is not due to bears who are looking to swing a short. Although
some ﬁrms might be scaling into shorts by shorting on a stop below the prior bar, it
is not logical that this would be a signiﬁcant factor in the ﬁrst pullback in a strong
spike. When the market is extremely one-sided, ﬁrms looking to short know that
the probability may be 80 percent or higher that they can soon short higher, so it
does not make sense for them to short here.
Since small pullbacks in strong trends are mostly due to proﬁt taking, there is
usually no good way for the bears to make proﬁts by shorting below the low of the
prior bar as the ﬁrst pullback is forming in a strong bull trend, or for a bull to make
money by buying above the high of the prior bar as the ﬁrst pullback is forming in a
strong bear trend. However, when the market breaks above the high of the prior bar
in a bull trend or below the low of the prior bar in a bear trend, there is a proﬁtable
way to manage both a long and a short trade. If there is no way for both the buyers
and the sellers to make money above the high of the prior bar in a strong bull trend,
the market would not trade there, because it can only get there if one institution
can make a proﬁt by buying up there and another can make a proﬁt by selling. The
selling up there is a combination of proﬁt taking by bulls and shorting by bears,

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
449
and as the market becomes increasingly two-sided, the shorting by bears becomes
a bigger part of the volume. If there is no way for both the buyers and sellers to
make money when the market moves below the prior bar in a strong bear trend,
the market will not trade below the bar. Why would an institution ever take a trade
that is a losing strategy? They never would. Neither the buying ﬁrm nor the selling
ﬁrm has to make money on every trade, but every trade has to be part of a winning
strategy or else they would not take them.
If institutions are smart, proﬁtable, and responsible for every tick, why would
they ever buy the highest tick in a bull trend (or sell the lowest tick in a bear
trend)? It is because that is what their algorithms have been doing proﬁtably all
of the way up, and some are designed to continue to do it until it is clear that the
bull trend is no longer in effect. They lose on that ﬁnal buy, but make enough on
all of their earlier trades to offset that loss. Remember, all of their systems lose
between 30 and 70 percent of the time, and this is one of those times. There are
also HFT ﬁrms that will scalp for even a single tick right up to the high tick of a
bull trend. The high is always at a resistance level, and many HFT ﬁrms will buy a
tick or two below resistance to try to capture that ﬁnal tick, if their systems show
that this is a proﬁtable strategy. Other institutions are buying as part of a hedge
in another market (stocks, options, bonds, currencies, etc.) because they perceive
that their risk/reward ratio is better by placing the hedge. The volume is not from
small individual traders, because they are responsible for less than 5 percent of the
volume at major turning points.
The more two-sided the market is, the more likely every breakout and pullback
has both institutional bears and bulls initiating trades (rather than one side simply
taking proﬁts, like in the ﬁrst pullback in a strong spike). They are doing so based
on strategies that they have tested and shown to be proﬁtable over time. Hundreds
of millions of dollars are at stake, so everything is closely scrutinized and has to
be effective. The people who own that money will demand that the trading have a
sound mathematical basis, or else they will move it to a ﬁrm whose trading does.
When there is mostly two-sided trading going on, which is most of the time, there
are buyers and sellers entering on every breakout and every pullback, and since
institutions are proﬁtable, all of them are using proﬁtable strategies, even though
many have probabilities of success of 40 percent or less.
In the example of that one-bar pullback in the strong bull spike, if there is a
breakout above the high of that bar, it will be mostly due to eager bulls who are
pressing their bets as they add to their longs or initiate new longs. They are buying
from someone willing to sell, and those sellers are a combination of proﬁt taking
bulls who bought lower and aggressive bears who are beginning to short. Initially,
the bears will only be scalpers, expecting only small pullbacks. Some HFT ﬁrms
will scalp for a proﬁt of only a tick or two, and there is often a high probability
setup that will allow them to do so, even above a strong high 1 buy signal bar in a

450
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
strong trend. Many are using algorithms based on tick charts, which can show tiny
patterns that are invisible on the 5 minute chart. As the market becomes more two-
sided and a trading range begins to develop, bears will begin to sell rallies (some
will scale in as the market goes higher), like above weak high 1 or high 2 buy signal
bars at the top of the range or channel, and look to hold for a swing down. The more
two-sided the market becomes, the more bears begin to swing and the more bulls
stop swinging and begin to scalp. Eventually most of the swing trading bulls will
have taken their proﬁts, at which point most of bulls will be scalpers. When the buy
signal bars become weaker, scalpers lose interest in buying because the probability
drops, and they will only take high probability trades. Once the bull scalpers and
most of the swing bulls stop buying, and the shorting is being done more by swing
trading bears than bear scalpers, the trend reverses.
Even when the market is entering a trading range, there are still some bulls
buying those low probability (around 40 percent) buy setups like the weak high 1
and high 2 signal bars at the top of the range. They are swing traders running
algorithms that have been proven to be proﬁtable over time when taking these low
probability swing trades. They know that the probability of success is falling as
the market becomes more of a trading range. However, they also know that their
systems are proﬁtable, even if the probability of success is 40 percent or less. Some
of their winners will be many times larger than their stops, more than making up
for the losers that they experience 60 percent of the time. Their programs can also
scale in lower, and their lower entries can be larger. This enables them to get out
at breakeven or even with a small proﬁt, if they consider their initial premise to
be no longer valid and they want to get out of the trade. On most days, you win by
shorting the high of that bad high 1 buy signal bar at the top of a trading range or
weak bull channel. However, there are a few days a month when the market will
trend up strongly and create a series of low probability buy signal bars (like dojis
or bear trend bars for signal bars), and each one will be followed by a huge rally
where the reward is many times greater than the risk. On these days, those swing
trading programs that buy these low probability setups can make a fortune that is
great enough to more than make up for all of those little losses. The scalpers, on the
other hand, often miss much of these trends, because they are unwilling to trade
the low probability setups. When the market is trending up strongly, most scalpers
will see the strength and avoid shorting above weak buy signal bars. They know
that selling at the top of a bull trend is risky. “Risky” simply means that the trader’s
equation is bad, and the risk from trading against a trend is that any low probability
with trend setup can result in a huge move. Low probability is usually the ﬂip side
of high reward, just as high probability usually means that the reward is small (a
scalp). Because they see the bull trend, they want to buy. However, since the buy
signals look weak, they therefore are relatively low probability setups. The scalper
then ends up not buying, and missing a trend that can last for hours and cover many
points. The scalper will wait for deeper pullbacks to buy, and will occasionally buy

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
451
a strong breakout that he thinks will have follow-through for a bar or so, but he
will make far less money on this type of trend day than will a swing trader. A good
scalper will make more money than a swing trader on most other days. Remember,
since the scalper is taking high probability trades and has far more setups to choose
from because his proﬁt goal is smaller, he theoretically has far more proﬁtable
trades than the swing trader, which means a smoother equity curve and more
proﬁtable days.
Whenever you trade a low probability system, the system has a positive trader’s
equation, but the chances of winning on any one trade are small. Each individual
trade has a small chance of success, but if you take all of the setups, the trader’s
equation for the group is positive. This means that you cannot cherry pick among
trades that have a low probability of success, no matter how much larger the re-
ward is than the risk. People have an uncanny ability to pick all of the bad cherries
and none of the good ones, and often miss that one great trade that is needed to
overcome their earlier losses. They end up talking themselves out of taking the low
probability trades that result in huge proﬁts, and into taking all of the losers, which
always look easier to take. The result is that they lose money. To trade a low prob-
ability system, you have to take every strong signal, because if you cherry pick, you
will invariably pick the wrong cherries, and will often miss that one great trade that
you need to overcome your earlier losses. Most traders are usually unable to take
every trade. This exposes them to this risk, and makes low probability trading so
difﬁcult to trade proﬁtably.
At the other extreme is high probability trading, where a trader sacriﬁces the
size of his reward for a much higher chance of winning on every trade. If a system
has a probability of 60 percent or higher and a reward that is at least as large as its
risk, then every individual trade has a positive trader’s equation. Traders don’t need
to average every trade with a bunch of other trades to be proﬁtable. Each trade has
a positive trader’s equation, so traders can cherry pick all they want and still make
money, and it does not matter if they miss 10 good trades in a row. If a trader misses
many trades, but manages to take a few high probability trades, his chance of being
proﬁtable is still good. Because of this natural tendency to not take every trade, if
traders ﬁnd themselves cherry picking among swing trades, they should consider
that most traders should focus on taking more high probability trades. I, in fact,
have a friend who trades the 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures, and he wants
the smallest possible risk on each trade. To achieve that, he trades a 50 tick chart
where many of the bars are only two ticks tall, and looks to risk just three or four
ticks on each trade. He tries to make eight or more ticks on his trades and, since he
is a very good chart reader, he wins on 90 percent of his trades, or so he told me. I
assume that means he does not necessarily reach his eight-tick target on all of his
trades, and that many of his winners have just a tick or two of proﬁt. He might even
count his breakeven trades in his win column if he thinks that losing on 10 percent
is the same as winning on 90 percent. In any case, his emphasis is on risk and he

452
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
assumes that his winning percentage and his reward will take care of themselves if
he picks his trades carefully.
A high-frequency trading ﬁrm might place hundreds of thousands of trades ev-
ery day on a basket of several thousand stocks, and the trades are based on statis-
tics rather than fundamentals. For example, if a ﬁrm found that it is proﬁtable to
sell a one-tick rally for a one-tick proﬁt and a three-tick risk when a stock falls on
six consecutive ticks, they might use that as one of their programs. Just how ef-
fective do you think their strategies are? They have the smartest mathematicians
designing and testing them, so you’d think that they surely have to win 70 percent
of the time or more. I seriously doubt that is the case, though, because their pro-
grams are competing against algorithms at other ﬁrms, and it is highly unlikely that
an edge that large could last more than a very short time before other ﬁrms spot it
and neutralize it. Everything is a trade-off, and their goal is to have an extremely
reliable system with which they will make money almost every day. If a ﬁrm is
making 500,000 trades a day, trying for a one- or two-tick proﬁt on each trade, I
doubt it is winning on 70 percent of its trades. I doubt it because edges are ﬂeeting
and small and it is extremely unlikely that they could ﬁnd 500,000 trades every day
where the chance of success is 70 percent. I suspect that their winning percentage
is 55 percent or less. Remember, a casino’s edge is about 3 percent, yet casinos
make money every day. How can that be? If you are 99 percent certain that your
edge is real, and the game is played thousands of times, the math overwhelmingly
favors that you will win. The same is true for a high-frequency trading ﬁrm. It is
accepting a small edge and a relatively large risk in exchange for consistent proﬁts.
Wouldn’t the HFT ﬁrm make more money if it traded setups that are 70 percent
certain? Obviously it would, if it could prove mathematically that the setups actu-
ally were 70 percent certain. This means that it cannot, but that does not mean that
these setups don’t exist. They do, but they are subjective and obviously very difﬁ-
cult to program. This subjectivity gives individual traders an edge. If they develop
the ability to make subjective judgments and the ability to not make many mistakes,
they have an edge. With so many smart people trading, edges are always going to
be small and subjective, and it will always be very difﬁcult to consistently capitalize
on them; but it can be done and it is the goal of every trader.
The earlier you enter, the more proﬁt you stand to make, but your probability
of success is less. Some traders prefer a higher winning percentage, and they are
willing to enter a little later if they can be more certain that their trade will be
proﬁtable. For example, if the market might be reversing up, a trader might buy.
Another trader might wait for a couple of strong bull trend bars and a clear always-
in long buy signal before buying. The trade is more certain, but the trader, having
missed part of the move, stands to make less. The trader paid for the better odds
with some of the potential proﬁt, in the belief that it was a good trade-off. Some
traders feel more comfortable with a very high winning percentage, even if that

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
453
means that they make less on the trade. Other traders prefer a potential reward
that is many times greater than the risk, even if that means that they might win only
40 percent of the time. The higher the probability of success, the more obvious the
setup is. When a setup is particularly obvious, a lot of smart traders will take it,
and the imbalance will last for only a bar or two. The market will quickly reach the
expected target and then either reverse or enter a trading range. That is why the
best scalps have limited proﬁt potential but a high probability of success. However,
since most traders are unable to consistently pick only the high-probability scalps,
they should stick to trades where the potential reward is at least as great as the risk
and the probability is about 60 percent.
At any given moment, there are countless possible combinations of reward,
risk, and probability, and traders need to have a clear plan. They cannot use the
probability of making two points while risking two points if they really are planning
on exiting with a one-point proﬁt. The minimum probability needed to make a trade
mathematically sound is different for the two trades, and traders sometimes will
mix the two scenarios up if they are overly eager to take a trade. This is a common
problem for traders starting out, but it is a sure path to a blown account. You need
to get the most you can out of a good trade, because you will always lose the most
possible on a bad one, and you need the big proﬁts to make up for those losses.
Is there ever a situation where the probability of success is 90 percent or
higher? One occurs on every trade and is a part of a proﬁtable strategy. For ex-
ample, if you are long and the market touches your proﬁt taking limit order but
does not ﬁll it, you will still hold long, at least brieﬂy, because you think that the
chances are good that your order will be ﬁlled very soon. Your stop might be below
the low of the prior bar, about six ticks away. For you to continue to hold long for
that one extra tick of proﬁt while risking six ticks means that you believe, at least
at that moment, that you have a 90 percent chance of success. If you hold onto
your position, then you believe that “chances are” that your order will be ﬁlled be-
fore your stop is hit. Although most traders never think about the actual math, they
cannot continue to think that the trade is good unless the probability of success is
about 90 percent. They are right, at least at that instant. If the market quickly pulls
back three ticks, you are then risking three ticks to your stop as you try to make
three ticks to your limit order, and you are no longer 90 percent certain.
There is another situation where a trader can be 90 percent or more certain of
a move, but it is not a sensible trade. For example, at any time in the day, there is
likely a 95 percent certainty that the market will go up one tick before it goes down
200 ticks and a 95 percent certainty that it will go down one tick before it goes
up 200 ticks. However, you would never risk 200 ticks to make one tick, no matter
what the odds of success were. One loss would wipe out 200 winners, which means
that you need a 99.5 percent chance of success just to break even, and you would
have to execute ﬂawlessly 200 times in a row.

454
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Likewise, is there ever a sound mathematical strategy where the chance of suc-
cess is only 10 percent? Yes, for example, if the market is in a strong bear trend and
has a rally up from a higher low but is now falling again, traders might place limit
orders to buy at one tick above the earlier low and protective stops one tick lower.
The chance of success might be only 10 percent, but if the market has a strong
reversal up, they might make 10 points on their half-point risk. This means that if
they took the trade 10 times, they might lose 18 ticks on their nine losers and make
40 ticks on their one win, and have an average proﬁt per trade of 2.2 ticks.
Remember, your decision about whether to take a trade needs to incorporate
probability, risk, and reward, and not just one or two of the variables. In general,
whenever the probability of a trade is very high, you should trade most or all of it
as a scalp. This is because extremely high-probability situations will not last more
than a bar or two before the market corrects them. If something seems very certain,
you can be fairly sure that it won’t last long enough for a swing trade. The lower
the chance of success, the greater the reward has to be relative to the risk. The best
trades are trades where the chance of success is 60 percent or more, and the reward
is at least as large as the risk and preferably about twice as big. These trades occur
every day in most markets, but you have to anticipate them before they set up, and
you have to take them once they do set up, and manage them well.
Once you ﬁnd a setup, you next must decide whether you should take the trade.
The decision is based on a mathematical calculation that requires three inputs: risk,
reward, and probability. Unfortunately, there is a natural tendency to consider only
the probability. Many beginning traders will see a setup that they feel has a 60 per-
cent chance of being a successful scalp, and they may be right, but they still lose
money. How can that be? It is because the decision has to be based on more than
just probability. You have to consider how much you stand to gain and how much
you have to risk to achieve that gain. Remember, you need the probability of suc-
cess times the reward to be greater than the probability of failure times the risk. For
example, if you are watching the Emini today and see a low 2 just below the falling
moving average in a strong bear market, and you decide from your experience that
shorting it has about a 70 percent chance of leading to a two-point proﬁt target limit
order being ﬁlled before a two-point stop is hit, then you have a 70 percent chance
of making two points and a 30 percent chance of losing two points. If you take this
type of trade 10 times, you will make 7 × 2 = 14 points and you will lose 3 × 2 = 6
points. Your net proﬁt for the 10 trades is 14 – 6 = 8 points, so your average proﬁt
is 0.8 point, or $40, per trade. If you have low commissions of about $5.00 round
turn, then your actual average proﬁt is about $35 per trade. That might not sound
like much, but if you can do that twice a day and trade 25 contracts, that is about
$1,700 a day and about $350,000 a year.
If instead you use a two-point stop and a four-point proﬁt target and take a
trade that you think is better than a 50–50 bet, let’s still do the math using only a

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
455
50 percent probability. If you take 10 trades, you will win four points on ﬁve of those
trades for 20 points of proﬁt. You will lose two points on the other ﬁve trades for a
10-point loss. Your net proﬁt then is 10 points in 10 trades and your average proﬁt
is about one point per trade. If you subtract out 0.1 point for your commission, you
will average about $45 per trade. Obviously, there will be lots of trades that you
will exit before your stop or proﬁt target is hit, but it is reasonable to assume that
those will approximately offset each other and therefore this formula is useful in
guiding you in your trade selection. If you are very selective in your setups and take
only trades that have a 70 percent chance of success, if you take 10 trades you will
make 7 × 4 = 28 points and lose 3 × 2 = 6 points. Your proﬁt after commissions
will average about 2.1 points per trade.
Although you could try to exit using a market order, most traders who use proﬁt
targets exit on limit orders and will be ﬁlled at their exact price. You can control
the risk and reward by your selection of a protective stop and a proﬁt target. If you
choose to use a 10-tick stop, that is your risk in most cases. You will sometimes
encounter signiﬁcant slippage, especially in thinner markets, and you have to factor
that in as well. For example, if you are trading a small-cap stock and usually have
about 10 cents of slippage on stop orders in that stock, and you are using a 50 cent
protective stop, then your risk is about 60 cents plus your commission. If you trade
the Emini and you are not entering just before a report, you usually will not have
slippage but you will still have a commission that will be about 0.1 point.
The most difﬁcult part of the equation is assessing the probability that your
proﬁt-taking limit order will be ﬁlled before your protective stop is hit. Although
you know the risk and potential reward because you chose them, it is impossible
to ever know the probability precisely. However, you can often make an educated
guess. If you don’t have any conﬁdence in your guess, just use 50 percent since
uncertainty means that the market is in a trading range and the probability of a
move up is about the same as for a move down.
However, if you are buying at the top of a two-legged pullback to the moving
average in a strong bull trend, the probability of success might be 70 percent. If
instead you are buying in a strong bear market at the top of a trading range that is
just below the moving average, your probability of success might only be 30 per-
cent. That means that if you take 10 trades, you will lose 7 × 2 = 14 points. Since
you have only three winners, those winners have to average ﬁve points each just to
break even! As that is extremely unlikely, you should rarely consider this trade.
If you take a trade because you believe that you have a 60 percent probability
of making 10 ticks before losing 10 ticks but then over the next few bars the market
enters a tight trading range, your probability of success has now fallen to about
50 percent. Since it is now a losing strategy to risk 10 ticks to make 10 ticks if the
chance of success is only 50 percent, you should exit the trade as close to breakeven
as possible. If you are lucky, you might even be able to make a tick or two. This is

456
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
part of trade management. The market changes with each tick, and if a successful
strategy suddenly becomes a losing strategy, get out and don’t rely on hope. Once
your premise is no longer workable, just exit and look for another trade. You have
to trade the market that you now have and not the one that you had a few minutes
ago and not the one you hope will develop over the next few minutes. Hope has
no part in trading. You are trading against computers that have no emotion and are
coldly objective, and that is how you have to be as well.
So what about one-point scalps in the Emini where you are entering on stops?
If you are risking two points to make one point, then you have to win twice as
often as you lose just to break even. If you add in commissions, then you need to
win 70 percent of the time to break even. To make a proﬁt, you have to be right
80 percent or more of the time; even most experienced, proﬁtable traders could
not do that long-term. You then have to conclude that it is simply not a proﬁtable
strategy. If you do it, you will almost certainly lose over time, and since you have
to be trading with the overriding goal of consistently making money, you cannot
trade this way. Yes, there are probably a few trades a day where the probability of
making one point before losing two points is more than 80 percent, and you could
theoretically make a lot of money if you are a very good chart reader, if you are very
disciplined, if you can spot the best setups in time to place the trades, and if you
restrict your one-point scalps to those few setups. This can be a proﬁtable strategy,
but the barrier posed by all of those ifs is insurmountable for most traders. It is
far better to look for fewer trades but those where you have to be right only 50 to
60 percent of the time to make a proﬁt. One of the problems is that it is fairly easy to
win on 60 percent of one-point scalps, and this high winning percentage reinforces
your behavior and makes you believe that you are so close to being able to be
successful. However, that 80 percent requirement is simply impossible to reach for
most traders, no matter how close they get.
The probability, risk, and reward change for every trade on every time frame
with each tick. For example, if traders bought a high 2 bull ﬂag in the Emini and
thought that it had a 60 percent chance of making two points before losing two
points, all three variables change with every tick. If the market races up for six ticks
with all of the pullbacks being only one or two ticks, the probability of their origi-
nal premise being correct might now be 80 percent. Since they need only four more
ticks to scalp out with two points of proﬁt, their reward is now four ticks. They
might raise their protective stops to one tick below the low of the current bar, even
before the bar closes, and this might be only three ticks below their entry price. This
reduces the risk of the original trade to three ticks. They now might have an 80 per-
cent chance of making the remaining two ticks while risking three ticks, which is
a great trader’s equation. If they were ﬂat and saw this happening, however, they
should not buy at the market and risk three ticks to make two ticks. An institu-
tion that is trading momentum and paying minuscule commissions can proﬁtably

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
457
take that trade, but individual traders would almost certainly lose money because
they could not execute the trade fast enough and correctly often enough to make it
work. Also, commissions greatly reduce the proﬁtability on almost all trades where
the reward is less than one point. At every moment, there are traders holding long
and short trades with every imaginable combination of risk, reward, and probabil-
ity. Although a day trader is concerned with every tick, a trader trading off of the
daily or weekly charts would ignore small movements, because they would be too
small to have any signiﬁcant impact on the trader’s equation. If, instead of going up
immediately after entry, the market falls four ticks, then the scalper has four ticks
left of risk and 12 ticks for reward, which is a great risk/reward ratio, but the prob-
ability would have fallen greatly to maybe 35 percent. This is still a sound strategy,
but not nearly as proﬁtable over time. Because it still has a favorable trader’s equa-
tion, the trader should not exit early, unless the original premise has changed and
the probability becomes maybe 30 percent or less.
On the other hand, if the trader’s equation ever becomes marginal, he should
try to exit quickly with as much proﬁt as he can. If the trader’s equation becomes
negative, he should get out immediately, even if he ends up with a loss. Traders
regularly exit early with a smaller proﬁt if the market is not behaving as well as
they anticipated, and that is the proper thing to do. However, if you ﬁnd yourself
exiting most trades with a smaller proﬁt than you originally planned to make, you
will probably lose money. Why is that? It is because you solved the trader’s equation
using one proﬁt target, but it is not the one that you actually planned to use, if you
were honest with yourself. Your smaller target probably results in a less favorable
trader’s equation, and most likely a negative one, which means that your approach
will lose money. Yes, exiting with a smaller proﬁt target has a greater chance of
success, but when you start using a proﬁt target that is smaller than your risk, your
probability has to be unrealistically high. So high, in fact, that you almost certainly
cannot maintain it, which means that you will lose money.
Whenever traders are thinking about taking a trade, they have to ﬁnd some
combination of probability, risk, and reward that creates a positive trader’s equa-
tion. For example, if they are buying a pullback in a bull trend in the Emini and have
to risk two points, they then have to consider the probability of the move reaching
their proﬁt target. If the target is one point, they have to be 80 percent certain of
success or else the trade will lose money over time. If they think that a two-point
proﬁt target is reasonable, they have to be 60 percent certain to have a positive
trader’s equation. If they think that the bull trend is very strong and that they can
make four points, they only need a 40 percent chance of success to have a prof-
itable strategy. If at least one of those possibilities makes mathematical sense, they
can take the trade. Once they enter, every new tick changes all three variables. If
they were only 40 percent certain when they entered that the market would reach
four points, and not 60 percent certain of making two points or 80 percent certain

458
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
of making one point, but the entry bar was very strong, they could reevaluate all
of the potential proﬁt targets. Once the entry bar closes, if it is a strong bull trend
bar they can tighten their stops, which now might be only four ticks below their
entry. They might now think that there is a 60 percent chance of making two points
while risking those four ticks, and this means that scalping out for two points has
become a reasonable choice. If they think that the chance of making four points is
now 50 percent, then this also has a strong trader’s equation, especially since their
risk is now only four ticks, and they can continue to hold for four points.
Although it is so important to take trades only where the reward is at least as
large as the risk, successful traders actually risk ﬁve or more times what they stand
to gain many times a day. All traders who are trying to exit on proﬁt-taking limit
orders are scalpers once the market gets to within a few ticks of their orders, and
was discussed earlier. For example, if traders have limit orders to take eight ticks
(two points) of proﬁt on a long in the Emini, and the market reaches six or seven
ticks and they think that their orders will get ﬁlled, they will hold their positions a
little longer to ﬁnd out. However, they probably have protective stops that are four
to six ticks below (either below the low of the most recent bar or at breakeven), so
at the instant that the market comes to within a tick of ﬁlling their orders, they are
risking about ﬁve ticks to make that one ﬁnal tick. This is effectively an extreme
scalp, but is it sound? Only if they have about a 90 percent chance of success.
If not, they should exit, at least theoretically. In practice, if the market is rising
and comes to within a tick of ﬁlling their limit orders, the trade might have about
a 90 percent chance of success at that instant, especially if the momentum up is
strong. Traders will usually hold to see if the next tick is up, ﬁlling their orders, or
down. By holding on to their positions, they believe that their chance of success is
90 percent. They probably do not think of it in mathematical terms, but that has to
be what they believe if they think it is worth holding on to the trade. It is worth it
only if it makes mathematical sense, and that math must include a probability of
90 percent, because that is what is required to keep the trader’s equation positive
when the risk is about ﬁve times greater than the reward. If the market trades down
for a couple of ticks, they are then trying for three ticks of proﬁt and risking to the
low of the prior bar, or breakeven, which at that point is about three or four ticks.
The probability of success is probably still 70 percent or higher, making the trader’s
equation still positive, although not strongly so.
Programmers are aware of this and there are therefore algorithms out there
that will buy once the market comes to within a tick or two of a logical target and
then falls back for a couple of ticks. In these cases, they probably have to risk about
three ticks to make three ticks. Their commissions are so small as to not be a factor
in their decisions. High-frequency trading ﬁrm algorithms are probably buying at a
tick or two below the obvious target, but they will probably exit if the market falls
back for a couple of ticks. The programmers know that the math is terrible if the

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
459
risk is several times larger than the potential reward, and will not allow that to
happen (unless they are scaling in). All of these programs create buying pressure
and increase the chances that the target will be reached.
The individual traders are holding long while risking ﬁve ticks to make one tick
for only a fraction of a second, and for that brief moment they are betting that they
have a 90 percent chance of making one more tick while risking ﬁve ticks (and they
are probably right). Otherwise, they would exit. If they tried to exit at seven ticks
of proﬁt instead of eight and the market came to within a tick of ﬁlling this new
proﬁt-taking limit order, for that instant they are risking about four ticks to make
one. They need about an 80 percent chance of success, or else they should exit.
Why not exit with six ticks of proﬁt? Their risk is always going to be to below the
low of the prior bar, so they are always going to have to risk about four to six ticks
to make that ﬁnal tick. The extremely bad trader’s equation, with a risk many times
greater than the reward, exists for only a fraction of a second. Most traders are
willing to take that brief risk, because they know that the trader’s equation will be
much better in a few seconds. Either traders will have their proﬁt and no more risk,
or the market will fall back for a few ticks and they would then be risking about
three ticks to make three ticks on a bet that is usually 60 percent or higher.
Should an individual trader simply buy a one- or two-tick pullback on a limit
order once the market comes to within a tick or so of a 10-tick move above a signal
bar, risking to below the low of the most recent bar? (Most of the time, the market
has to go 10 ticks above the signal bar for a trader to exit with eight ticks of proﬁt.)
The logic is sound, but this is probably as minimally positive a trader’s equation
as traders would ever ﬁnd, and they would be wiser to look for stronger trades.
Also, commissions become signiﬁcant on tiny scalps, making it virtually impossible
for an individual trader to make money from trading them. Does this mean that
the trader who bought on a stop above the signal bar should exit as soon as the
market pulls back a tick or two? It might be mathematically sensible, but most
traders would simply hold the long, risking to no worse than breakeven, and allow
the market a little more time to ﬁll their proﬁt-taking limit orders. Computers don’t
have the problems of dealing with emotions and needing time to think, but most
algorithms probably would still hold, brieﬂy risking the ﬁve or so ticks while trying
to make the ﬁnal tick or two.
Remember, once the market pulls back a couple of ticks, traders are trying
to make three ticks from that point and might be risking only three ticks, and
the probability of success is probably 60 percent or better. At that moment, they
have a proﬁtable trader’s equation. Traders without a position might consider
buying at that point, risking about three ticks to make three ticks, but commissions
then become disproportionally large. For example, they might be paying a $5.00
round turn commission to make $37.50 (three ticks), reducing their net proﬁt to
$32.50 while risking $42.50 (three ticks plus the commission), or about 30 percent

460
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
more than their potential proﬁt. With the reward less than the risk, the trader’s
equation would probably be negative. At the extreme, if traders tried to scalp one
tick with a risk that is the same size as their reward, even if their probability of
success is 80 percent, they will lose money. This is because a $5.00 round turn
commission makes the risk ($12.50 for one tick, plus a $5.00 commission, for a
total risk of $17.50) much greater than the reward ($12.50 for one tick, minus a
$5.00 commission, for a net proﬁt of $7.50). From a practical standpoint, traders
should stick to their original plan and rely on their stops. If the move up to their
limit orders is labored, they might change their plan and try to exit with one point
of proﬁt, but most traders cannot read the market that quickly and are better off
just relying on their bracket orders.
When the trader’s equation indicates that a trade is bad, then it is often good
for traders who are fading the move with limit orders. For example, if entering
on a low 1 short setup using a stop entry order would result in a losing trader’s
equation, traders should consider instead buying at the low of that short signal bar.
If the traders who shorted on a stop below the low 1 signal bar had about a 50 per-
cent chance of making four ticks while risking eight ticks, their strategy would be
a loser over time. If different traders bought at the low 1 low, they, too, would have
about a 50–50 chance of the market going up seven ticks to the stop of those short
traders before falling six ticks to the short traders’ proﬁt target. If they risked six
ticks and used a six-tick proﬁt target, they would have a breakeven strategy. If they
chose an especially weak-looking low 1 setup, like a doji signal bar at the bottom of
a trading range, their probability of success might be 70 percent and their strategy
would be proﬁtable. This is discussed more in Chapter 28 on limit orders.
Beginners often make the mistake of considering only one or two of the vari-
ables in the equation, being in denial about the probability, or even fooling them-
selves into believing that their risk is smaller or their reward is larger than they
actually are. For example, if there is a strong bull trend on the 5 minute Emini and
all of the buy setups have had entries within a few ticks of the high of the current
leg, traders might be afraid that there is not enough room at the top of their com-
puter screen for them to make a proﬁt on a long, so they don’t buy. They see so
much room to the bottom of the chart that they think that shorting has a better
chance of success. To minimize risk, they short on the 1 minute chart. After they
are short, they place their protective stop at one tick above their signal bar, risking
about six ticks to make a four-tick scalp. Yet they consistently lose money. How
can that be when the risk is so small? They lose because they do not understand
market inertia and the propensity of trend reversals to fail, and they erroneously as-
sumed that the probability of success for their countertrend trade was better than
50 percent. In fact, when there is a trend, most attempts at reversing fail, so the
odds of success are probably more like 30 percent. The 70 percent certain trade
was the long, buying near the top of the bull trend!

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
461
These traders thought that they were risking six ticks and that the reward was
the 40 ticks to the bottom of the chart, so even if the chance of success was only
30 percent, they would still make money. The reality is that if the market started
down, they would have scalped out with just four ticks and never held for 40
ticks. They would instinctively sense that they had gotten away with something
and would have quickly taken their small proﬁt, especially if they had just lost on
their prior three shorts. This means that they also erroneously used 40 for their
reward in the equation when in fact they were really planning on taking only a four-
tick reward. Also, if the market went up instead of down, they might cancel their
stops and add on by shorting another contract at six ticks above their initial entry,
thinking that a second entry was even more reliable in a market that had to be due
for a pullback. Their risk is then 12 ticks from their ﬁrst entry and six ticks from
their second. This means that they also were wrong in their initial assumption of
a six-tick risk. Their average risk has increased to nine ticks. They now want to
get out of both shorts near their original entry price. When the market starts down,
they begin to feel that it won’t reach their target; so they get out of both trades at
two ticks above their target, making two ticks on their second entry and losing two
on their ﬁrst. Their net proﬁt is zero, so their average proﬁt is also zero, meaning
that the reward variable in the equation was zero. So instead of risking six ticks
to make 40 ticks and having a 30 percent chance of success, which is a potentially
proﬁtable strategy, they risked nine ticks to make zero ticks in a trade with only a
30 percent chance of success. That is why their accounts are slowly disappearing.
Traders often fool themselves into taking low-probability trades by telling
themselves that they will use a reward that is much larger than the risk, which
is needed in low-probability trades, when they really expect to exit with a much
smaller proﬁt target. For example, if traders buy in the middle of barbwire and need
to risk two points to below the signal bar, they have about a 50 percent chance of
making two points before their stops are hit. That is a losing strategy. However,
they know that if they hold for four points, the probability might fall to 40 percent,
but they would then have a positive trader’s equation. They then take the trade, and
they are proud of themselves for carefully considering the math. However, once
they have one or two points of proﬁt, they exit, fearful that most barbwire break-
outs do not go far. They are happy to have the small proﬁt, but don’t realize that
if they traded this strategy 10 times they would lose money. They might actually
take this type of trade 10 times over the next month, along with a hundred other
trades, only to discover that they ended up down on the month. They will look back
with confusion, remembering all of the smart things that they did, but they will be
oblivious to the reality that they took many trades with positive trader’s equations
but managed them incorrectly and traded them in a way that had negative trader’s
equations. Traders must be honest with themselves. This is not a dream. The money
is very real, and when you lose it, it is gone forever. If you take a trade with a

462
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
favorable trader’s equation, you must manage it correctly to make the math work
for you instead of against you.
At every instant, there is a mathematical edge to buying and to selling, even
during the strongest spikes. How can this be true? By inference. Most of the trading
is being done by institutional computers, which are using algorithms that have been
shown to be proﬁtable over time. So even if the market is in a free fall, there are
computers buying as the market is collapsing. Every short, no matter how large, has
to have a buyer taking the opposite side of the trade. When the volume is huge, the
buyers have to be institutions because there are simply not enough small traders
to offset the huge volume of shorts. Some of the buy programs are buying because
the programmers have statistical proof that enough big breakouts fail and reverse
sharply so that they will make a proﬁt by buying strong bear breakouts. Other pro-
grams are buying back their shorts from much higher prices. These programs see
the rapid fall as a potentially brief opportunity to lock in a proﬁt at a great price be-
fore the market reverses up. High-frequency trading ﬁrms are also buying for small
scalps, and other ﬁrms are buying to hedge shorting in other markets. When the
market is not in an unusually strong bull or bear spike, there are institutional buy-
ers and sellers at every tick, which could happen only if there was proof that their
strategies were mathematically sound, based on the trader’s equation. Each ﬁrm
has its own combination of risk, reward, probability, and expected duration for ev-
ery trade, and many scale into and out of their trades. The market could not exist
unless there was a large number of big participants, and the majority of them have
to be proﬁtable over time. Otherwise, they would go out of business and the market
would cease to exist as the huge market that it is. That means that the majority of
them are trading logical, sound strategies, and that they are making money, even
when they sometimes buy in a bear trend or short in a bull trend. Individual traders
lack the deep pockets to run complex strategies, but there are enough effective
simple ones for experienced traders to make money over time.
For the strong (i.e., institutional) bulls to get ﬁlled, they need enough volume
on the other side, which can only come from strong bears. It is reasonable to as-
sume that both the strong bears and the strong bulls make money over time or else
they would not be investing enough money for them to be considered strong. There
are countless possible strategies, including hedging and scaling in and out, and dif-
ferent strong bulls and bears will be using everything imaginable to make money.
However, even in the absence of complex strategies, it is common for mathemati-
cally sound long and short setups to coexist. For example, if there is a strong bull
trend that is overdone and likely to pull back, a strong bull can buy at the market
and hold throughout the pullback and then take proﬁts once the market resumes
the uptrend and reaches a new high. At the same time that the strong bull bought,
a strong bear could have shorted and made money as the market sold off to the
moving average. Another example is when the market is in a tight trading range.

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
463
Let’s say that the Emini is in a range that is only ﬁve ticks tall. The probability of
either an upside or a downside breakout is about 50 percent. If a bull bought in the
middle of the range or a bear sold in the middle, each might have to risk only three
ticks to make four or more ticks on a small breakout. Since each has a reward that
is larger than the risk and about a 50 percent chance of success, they each have
a mathematically sound trade, even if they took their trades at the same time, and
even if each took the opposite side of the other’s trade.
Math can be deceptive, and it is risky to place trades on math alone unless you
fully understand probability distributions. For example, let’s say that you test every
trading day of the year over the past 10 years to see if it is likely that the close of any
given date has a high probability of being above the open. If you discover that some
day in the near future, perhaps March 21, has closed above its open in nine of the
past 10 years, you might conclude that there is some market force operating, maybe
related to the upcoming end of the quarter, that makes that day close up so often.
That conclusion is erroneous, though, because you do not understand distributions.
If you were to throw a deck of cards up in the air 10 times and then record which
cards landed face up, you would discover that some cards landed face up nine out
of the 10 times. Maybe the eight of hearts was one of them. Do you feel 90 percent
certain that it will land face up on the 11th toss, or do you suspect that the odds are
really 50–50 and that it was just luck that some cards were face up in eight or nine
of the 10 tosses, and others were face up only one, two, or three times? If you toss a
coin 10 times and it lands on heads eight times, are you willing give someone odds
that it will land heads up on the next toss, or do you think it was just luck? The mes-
sage is clear. If you test enough ideas or enough inputs in any system, you will dis-
cover that some have worked in eight out of 10 tests and others have failed in eight
out of 10. That is just the distribution of outcomes under a bell curve and has noth-
ing to do with actual likelihood, and that is why so many traders who design great
back-tested systems lose money when they trade them in real time. What they be-
lieve is 80 percent likely is really only 50–50, and since that is the reality, they need a
proﬁt target that is much larger than their risk to have any chance at making money.
But in a 50–50 market, the proﬁt target always pretty much equals the risk, and
therefore, at best, their system will lose at least commissions and not make money.
Most traders should look for trades where they can make a swing proﬁt. When
the Emini has an average daily range of about 10 to 15 points, a trader can usually
risk about two points on a trade, and a swing trade is any trade where the proﬁt
is four points or more. Although the probability of success is usually only 40 to
50 percent for most of these trades, this type of trading gives most traders the best
chance of making a living as a trader. There are usually about ﬁve setups a day,
and traders will likely have to place at least three trades a day to make sure that
they each catch at least one big winner. If they are patient and disciplined, they
will be about breakeven on the trades that do not result in four or more points of

464
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
proﬁt. Some of those trades will be one- to three-point winners, while others will
be one- to two-point losers. However, they need the four-point winners to make the
system proﬁtable. A trader who wants to take more trades a day will have to be
willing to accept a smaller proﬁt target, like two points, because there are rarely
ﬁve to 10 trades in a day where a trader can make four points. However, there are
usually that many trades where a skilled trader can make two points while risking
two points. These traders, then, need to be right at least 60 percent of the time to
be proﬁtable. This is more difﬁcult, but it is a reasonable goal for traders who are
particularly good at reading price action.
In actual trading, most successful traders have routines and do not have to
think about the math when they place trades. For example, if you only look for a
couple of four-point swings a day and always use a two-point stop, and you have
been proﬁtable using this approach for a few years, you will likely just look at a
setup and ask yourself if it looks good without thinking about the probability. You
know from experience that taking these certain setups with a two-point stop and a
four-point proﬁt target leads to your account being larger at the end of the month,
and you do not need to think about anything else. As a general rule, beginners
should use proﬁt targets that are at least as large as their protective stops, because
they then need only about a 50 percent win rate to break even. No one should
ever take a trade with a long-term goal of breaking even. However, that is one of
the steps that traders must take en route to becoming proﬁtable. Once there, they
can then try to increase the probability of success by being more selective in their
setups, and also by using a larger proﬁt target. This could be all that they need to
become consistently proﬁtable.
There is another point about reversal signals. If a signal is not clear, you should
not take it, but you can use it to exit part or all of a position that you currently
are holding. For example, if you are long and the market is now trying to reverse,
but there is too much recent strength to consider reversing to short, you should
consider exiting part or all of your position. A weak reversal signal is a good reason
to take proﬁts but a bad reason to initiate a trade against the current trend.
In trading, the less you have to think about, the more likely you will be success-
ful, so having some guidelines can make trading a little easier. If you believe that
there is a directional probability of at least 60 percent for a move that is the same
size as or greater than the risk required, you can use either your risk or your reward
as a starting point. In a breakout that you believe will be successful and have follow-
through, you usually have to be at least 60 percent certain to draw that conclusion,
and therefore if you risk the same as or less than what you expect for your reward,
you have a proﬁtable strategy. For example, if you buy at the top of a strong $2.00
bull spike in Apple (AAPL), a reasonable risk is to the bottom of the spike. Since
you are risking $2.00 and the spike often leads to a measured move up, you can take
partial or total proﬁts $2.00 higher. If this is more than you are comfortable risking,

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
465
just trade fewer shares. You can also wait to buy a 50 cent pullback to reduce your
risk to $1.50 while increasing the size of your potential reward to $2.50.
If there is a breakout of the top of a $3.00 trading range in AAPL and you think
the breakout will be successful, then you can risk to the bottom of the trading
range, which might be $4.00 below, or below the bottom of the spike that was the
breakout, which might be $2.00. Since a measured move up using the height of
the trading range is likely, you can look to take partial or full proﬁts at $3.00 above
the top of the range.
If AAPL broke below a trading range that is $3.00 high and there is support
around $3.00 below, which is also the area of the measured move based on the
height of the range, you can look to buy about $3.00 down from the breakout for a
$3.00 rally that will test the breakout. If the move down is a strong $2.00 or $3.00
spike that will likely have follow-through in the form of a bear channel, you should
not buy on a limit order and should instead wait either for a second entry to go long
or for a pullback that you can short. However, if the sell-off below the trading range
has two or three strong bull trend bars, lots of overlapping bars with tails, and two
or three clear legs down, you can consider buying on a limit order $3.00 down and
risking $3.00, since the odds of a test up to the breakout $3.00 above are probably
at least 60 percent. If there is a second-entry buy setup and the signal bar is only
30 cents tall and its low is $3.00 below the breakout point, then you are risking only
32 cents and you have about a 60 percent chance of gaining $2.70 on a rally back up
to the bottom of the trading range.
DIRECTIONAL PROBABILITY
Traders always want to ﬁnd trades where they will probably make money. How-
ever, there is another type of probability that can help traders in their trade selec-
tion. At every moment, there is a probability attached to the direction of the next
tick. Will it be higher or lower? For most of the day, the probability hovers around
50 percent, which means that the chance that the next tick will be higher is the
same as the chance that it will be lower. This is the current directional probability
of an equidistant move where the size of that move is one tick. In fact, the direc-
tional probability of an equidistant move of any size up versus down hovers around
50 percent for most of the day. So there is usually close to a 50 percent chance that
the market will go up 10 ticks before it falls 10 ticks and a 50 percent chance that it
will fall 10 ticks before going up 10 ticks. The same is true for 20 ticks or 30 ticks. It
does not matter, as long as the size of the move is not too large relative to the chart
you are viewing; also, the smaller the size of the move relative to the range over
the recent ﬁve to 10 bars, the more accurate is the probability. Obviously, if you are

466
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
looking at a stock trading at $10, the directional probability of a $20 move down is
meaningless, because there is a zero probability that you will lose $20. However,
with respect to moves that are within a reasonable range based on the chart, all
traders use directional probabilities on every trade, although most never think of
their trades in these terms. Traders might buy IBM in a pullback to the daily moving
average because they believe that the odds favor a $5.00 rally before a $3.00 drop.
By “the odds favor,” they mean that they believe that there is well over a 50 per-
cent chance that they will achieve their goal, or else they would not take the trade.
They most likely believe that the odds are 60 percent or better. If traders are ex-
tremely bullish, they might believe that the odds are 70 percent that IBM will rally
$10 before it falls $3.00, and if they are right, then they just made a great trade.
This last observation is important and correct. If IBM is in a wedge bull ﬂag
pullback at the moving average and at the bull trend line in a strong bull trend on
the 5 minute chart, the directional probability of a 50 cent rally before a 50 cent
sell-off might be 60 percent, but the odds of a $1.00 rally before that 50 cent sell-
off might be only slightly less, like maybe 57 percent, and this gives traders a great
edge and explains why entering on pullbacks is such a good strategy.
Similarly, if someone trades Eminis and is buying a strong reversal up off a long-
term (maybe 50 to 200 bars) bull trend line after a ﬁnal bear ﬂag in a bear swing,
this trader might believe that the odds are 60–40 that the market will rally four
points to his proﬁt-taking limit order before it falls 2 points to his protective stop.
If the trader takes this trade 10 times, he nets four points six times for 24 points
and loses two points four times for eight points, and the overall proﬁt is 16 points,
or 1.6 points per trade. This is a good average for a day trade where the risk is two
points. One of the most common causes of losses is a failure to give enough thought
to the mathematical basis for a trade.
Almost all traders should only take trades where the reward is at least as large
as the risk, and the directional probability of an equidistant move (a move where
the reward is the same size as the risk) is a good thing to consider before taking
any trade. Is it likely that I will make at least as much as I stand to lose? In other
words, is there a 60 percent chance or better of making two points on a buy setup
in the Emini while using a two-point protective stop? Is there a 60 percent chance
of making 1.00 by shorting AAPL when using a 1.00 protective stop? If yes, then
the trade has a positive trader’s equation and therefore is a reasonable trade. If not,
then don’t take the trade. Although there are many combinations of risk, reward,
and probability that can result in a positive trader’s equation, thinking in terms
of the directional probability of an equidistant move is a good, quick way to help
decide whether you should take a trade. When trading, things happen fast and are
often unclear, so it is useful to have a logical framework that can reliably help you
decide within the limited time that the market will give you. If you can answer “yes”
to the question, then you can take the trade. You may end up wanting to hold for a

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
467
reward that is greater than the risk, but the minimum starting point always should
be a reward that is equal to the risk. If you can look at any setup and quickly believe
that the setup is good, then you likely believe that the probability of making a proﬁt
that is at least as big as your risk is 60 percent, and therefore the trade has a positive
trader’s equation and is a reasonable trade.
When the directional probability of an equidistant move hovers around 50 per-
cent, this means that if IBM is trading at $100 and you don’t look at a chart and
are totally oblivious of the fundamentals and the overall market, and you simply
bought 100 shares of IBM and then placed a one cancels the other (OCO) order to
exit either at $101 on a sell limit order or at $99 on a sell stop, whichever came
ﬁrst, you would have about a 50 percent chance of making a dollar and a 50 percent
chance of losing a dollar. If instead you initially shorted the 100 shares and also
used an OCO $1.00 bracket order (buying on a limit $1.00 below or buying on a stop
$1.00 above), you would still have about a 50 percent chance of making a dollar and
a 50 percent chance of losing a dollar. There are slightly better odds for the rally
because IBM is a growing company. If it goes up about 8 percent a year, this comes
out to about three and a half cents a day and only negligibly raises the odds in favor
of the upside target, so it is still about a 50–50 bet.
You can make money buying or shorting, even when the directional probability
of an equidistant move is 50 percent, by scaling into or out of your trade (discussed
in Chapter 31). You can also make money when the directional probability of a
large move in your favor is around 50 percent if that move is sufﬁciently bigger
than your risk. You can make money even when the directional probability of an
equidistant move is less than 50 percent if the amount that you stand to gain on
your trade is big enough. For example, if you buy near the top of a trading range,
the directional probability of the market rallying 10 ticks before falling 10 ticks
might be only 30 percent (remember, most attempts to break out of a trading range
fail). Suppose that a successful breakout would rally to a magnet 60 ticks higher and
you are risking only 10 ticks on a trade with only a 30 percent chance of success;
if you take this trade 10 times, you will expect to make 60 ticks on three trades for
180 ticks of proﬁt and lose 10 ticks on seven trades for a 70-tick loss. Your net proﬁt
would be 110 ticks, or 11 ticks per trade.
The easiest situation for most traders is to look for setups where the directional
probability of an equidistant move is above 50 percent, and most traders should
focus on ﬁnding these ﬂeeting setups. They are ﬂeeting because the market will
quickly recognize the imbalance, and the price will move fast to bring the market
back to neutrality. The imbalance exists at every moment that the market is trend-
ing and when the market is at the top or bottom of a trading range, and these are
times when there is an edge that most traders can see and use to trade proﬁtably.
For example, say you short a low 2 on a pullback to the moving average in a strong
bear trend; just before you enter, the market is near the top of a small trading range

468
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
(every pullback is a small trading range) and has about a 60 percent directional
probability of an equidistant move going down rather than up. Let’s say that the sig-
nal bar is six ticks tall, that you enter on a stop one tick below its low, and that your
protective stop is one tick above the bar so your total risk is eight ticks. During this
breakout, the directional probability of the market falling eight ticks to your proﬁt
target (if that is where your target is) before it hits your protective stop might be
70 percent or higher. This means that there is a 70 percent chance of you making
eight ticks before you lose eight ticks. If you do this on 10 trades, you will expect to
make 56 ticks and lose 24 ticks and will net 32 ticks, or 3.2 ticks of proﬁt per trade,
which is acceptable for a scalper.
How does this help traders who are starting out? It gives them a logical basis
for deciding which trades to take. They should always begin by assessing risk. If
the signal bar is 48 cents tall in AAPL, then the initial risk is 50 cents if they enter
on a stop at one tick above the high of the bar and have a stop at one tick below.
If they are trading the Emini and the bar is six ticks tall, the stop will be eight
ticks from the entry price, and they should use a proﬁt target that is at least eight
ticks away. Beginners should never enter a trade with the expectation of making
less than they are risking, so they would then assume that their reward is at least
50 cents in that AAPL trade (or eight ticks for that Emini trade). They are look-
ing for an equidistant move (the stop and proﬁt target are both 50 cents from the
entry price). Finally, they look at the setup. If they think that it looks good, using
any deﬁnition of good, they should assume that the chance of the market ﬁlling
the proﬁt-taking limit order before hitting the protective stop is at least 60 percent.
As long as they are reasonably good at reading charts, their opinion that the setup
looks good means that they think it is more likely than not to lead to a proﬁtable
trade. If it is good enough for them to hold that belief, it has to be more than 50 per-
cent certain. If it is only 55 percent certain, they would likely not be conﬁdent. If
they are conﬁdent, then they likely believe that it is at least 60 percent certain. They
might sometimes be 58 percent certain and at other times be 80 percent, but their
average level of certainty will be at least 60 percent, and they can therefore use
60 percent when evaluating the trader’s equation. Since their probability is at least
60 percent and their potential reward is at least as large as their risk, the trader’s
equation is positive and they can take the trade. They know that they might lose
as much as 50 cents in up to 40 percent of the trades (they will exit some trades
early on a trailing stop with less than a 50 cent loss), but their average proﬁt will
be greater than zero. Because they are using 60 percent instead of 50 percent, they
will still likely be positive, even after slippage and commissions are considered.
Even though a trading range is characterized by uncertainty, which means that
both the bulls and the bears are actively trading because they both believe there
is value at their entry price, the directional probability of an equidistant move
can brieﬂy be much higher that 50 percent as the market tests the extremes. For
example, suppose the 5 minute chart of IBM has been in a trading range that is

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
469
$1.00 tall, and the top and bottom of the range have been repeatedly tested so that
the range is well deﬁned; if you buy above a small bull reversal bar at the bottom
of the range, the directional probability of a 50 cent move up before a 50 cent move
down is likely 60 percent or higher, and it may brieﬂy increase to 70 percent if there
is a sharp move up after you enter. As the rally moves toward the middle of the
range, the directional probability quickly falls back to 50 percent, but where that
exact middle is cannot be known in advance. The market usually has to overshoot
it for traders to decide that it clearly has gone too far. The market takes a long time
to home in on that 50 percent price, but it is quick to recognize when a swing has
gone too far. This price will be at some resistance area and will become the top
of the trading range. Once the traders have decided that the directional probability
now clearly favors the bears, the market is likely at the top of the trading range. As
IBM gets close to the top of the range, the probability of a move 50 cents higher
before there is a 50 cent pullback might fall to 40 percent, meaning that the 50 cent
move down is now more likely (in fact, it has a 60 percent probability if the chance
of the move up occurring ﬁrst is 40 percent). IBM will then move down and it will
often overshoot the area of neutrality to the point that it clearly went too far and
swing up and down in search of uncertainty and a neutral directional probability.
This process of up and down moves continues until the bulls and the bears agree on
an area of value. At that point the swings become small and a tight trading range or
the apex of a triangle form, and this will ultimately be in the middle of the trading
range. Once the bulls and the bears perceive that the value is bad for one side, the
market will break out and trend again until it ﬁnds a new area of value.
When a trading range is very tight, like 20 cents in IBM, it does not matter if the
directional probability brieﬂy jumps to 70 percent if you stand to gain only 10 cents
while risking 10 cents, because slippage and commissions then become important.
This is a bad scalp. If they amount to 4 cents, then your 10 cent gain is actually only
a 6 cent net gain. Even if the odds are 60 percent in your favor, if you take this trade
10 times, you will make 36 cents and lose 40 cents. Since you can never be certain
of the probability, and high probabilities last only brieﬂy, you will lose money if
you take that trade. Only HFT ﬁrms can consistently make money in this situation
because their infrastructure allows them to quickly place proﬁtable trades with the
objective of only a one-tick proﬁt.
A tight trading range can sometimes offer a great swing trading opportunity
based on mathematics if the breakout is likely to lead to a large move. A tight trad-
ing range is a breakout mode situation, and the breakout will usually lead to a move
that is several times the height of the range. Since the odds of the breakout in ei-
ther direction are about 50–50, depending on the circumstances, what happens if
you buy within a couple of ticks of the bottom of the range and risk about ﬁve ticks,
or if you short within a couple of ticks of the top of the range and risk about ﬁve
ticks? If you hold for the breakout and use a proﬁt target that is 15 to 20 ticks, you
are risking ﬁve ticks to make 20 ticks and have a 50 percent chance of success. This

470
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
is a great theoretical trade because if you take it 10 times, you will make 20 ticks
on ﬁve trades and lose ﬁve ticks on ﬁve trades and have a net proﬁt of 75 ticks,
or 7.5 ticks per trade. However, most traders cannot handle the stress of holding a
50–50 trade for a long time, watching the market repeatedly go in their direction,
only to reverse and go against them.
If you look at a Market Proﬁle of a trading range, you will see that there is very
little time spent at the top and bottom of the range, where the high probabilities
exist, which means that you have to watch intensely for a long time and then act
quickly when the market tests the top or bottom of the range, and this is much more
difﬁcult to do than it sounds. When the market tests the top of the range, it usually
does so with one or more strong bull trend bars and they have enough momentum
to make you consider the possibility that the breakout might succeed. Also, the
reversal down is often with a large signal bar, so your entry is close to the middle
of the range, where the directional probability is close to 50 percent.
When the market is testing the top or bottom of the range and threatening
to break out, the probability of a reversal might be 60 percent or higher, but if a
breakout occurs, the directional probably of a move of X ticks up or down changes
rapidly over the next several bars. If the breakout bar is not too large and it stalls
at a trend channel line and other resistance area, the directional probability of a
failed breakout and a reversal might brieﬂy increase to 65 percent. If the next bar
is a strong reversal bar, that probability might become 70 percent. This means that
the trader has an edge, but edges are always ﬂeeting and usually fairly small. As
soon as traders believe that there is a 60 percent or better certainty about the near-
term direction, everyone enters, the market quickly moves back to an area of un-
certainty, and the edge disappears. When you believe there is an edge, there is an
opportunity and you have to enter quickly before it evaporates.
However, if the breakout bar looks strong, the chance of a reversal might drop
to 50 percent; and if there is strong follow-through over the next couple of bars,
then the directional probability of a reversal can fall to 30 percent, meaning that the
directional probability of a move of X ticks in the direction of the spike compared
to one in the opposite direction would be 70 percent. So if there is a three-bar spike
up in AAPL that is breaking out of a bull ﬂag and the spike is currently $2.00 tall,
there is a 70 percent chance that AAPL will rally $2.00 more before it falls $2.00 to
the bottom of the spike. If the spike grows to $4.00, then the probability of a further
rally of $4.00 before the bottom of the spike is hit still is at least 60 percent. The
trader who bought when the spike was only $2.00 tall now has $2.00 in proﬁt, is
risking $2.00 to the bottom of the spike, and has a 60 percent chance of making an
additional $4.00. That is why it is so important to enter as soon as you are conﬁdent
that there is a strong directional probability in your favor (in other words, once
there is a clear always-in position) and you believe that it will continue in your
favor for several more bars.

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
471
This is one of the most important ways to make money as a trader. It is stressful
to make these decisions in real time when you are looking at a chart where the past
ﬁve breakout attempts have failed and now you are faced with one that looks like
it might succeed. Also, you might be lulled into complacency, and the inertia of
doing nothing makes it difﬁcult to quickly change into the mind-set of having to act
quickly and aggressively. However, if you can train yourself to do this, you will be
in a position to take one of the most proﬁtable types of trades. Remember, edges
are ﬂeeting. Everyone sees them and the market works quickly to neutralize them,
so you have to be fast. If you are ﬁnding it difﬁcult to take these trades, then trade
a very small size. For example, if you normally like to trade 500 SPY shares and
risk 20 cents but the size of the breakout spike would require you to risk 40 cents,
simply buy 100 shares at the market and place that 40 cent protective stop. This
is like diving off of a very high diving board. You are terriﬁed for those ﬁrst few
seconds and you tense up every muscle in your body and squeeze your eyes, hold
your breath, and pinch your nose. But within seconds, the move is over and you
feel safe. When you take these emotional breakout trades, the situation is similar,
but you must learn to jump and trust that soon everything will be okay and you will
be able to tighten your stop. Within a few bars, you might have a 40 cent open proﬁt
and a breakeven stop and you will have made your best trade of the day.
How can you trust that the directional probability of an equidistant move in a
strong spike is actually 60 percent or more? Go back to that AAPL bull breakout.
Once AAPL has a strong $2.00 bull spike after a very strong buy signal, the institu-
tions are buying as the spike is growing. You can see that the pullbacks are small as
the bar is forming. If it closes on its high and the market begins to form another bull
trend bar and then another, the institutions on the buy side are much stronger than
on the sell side, and the market will likely have more follow-through. If that initial
$2.00 bull spike looked strong enough for you to conclude that the always-in posi-
tion was now long, then you should conclude that the directional probability of an
equidistant move is at least 60 percent. This is because the institutions believe that
the initial stop is below the spike and most spikes continue for at least a measured
move. If the spike is $2.00 tall, they are risking $2.00 to make $2.00 and they cannot
do that proﬁtably if the odds are only 50–50. They almost certainly would not take
the trade unless they had some room for error, and that means that the probability
of them making $2.00 instead of losing $2.00 is at least 60 percent. Would you take
the trade if you thought that the probability was less than 60 percent? Probably not,
and you should conclude that they feel the same way.
One of the beneﬁts of entering early in a trend is that once the trend goes your
way, the math greatly improves for your trade. If the spike grows to $3.00, your risk
is still $2.00, but the odds of a measured move up before the bottom of the spike
is tested are still at least 60–40. If the spike then grows to $4.00, there is still at
least a 60 percent chance that AAPL will go up $4.00 more before it falls to below

472
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
the bottom of the spike. At this point, you have $2.00 in proﬁt and are still risking
just $2.00, but the odds of the market going up $4.00 more are at least 60 percent.
This means that you now have a 60 percent chance of making a total of $6.00 while
just risking $2.00. At this point, you probably have already taken a partial proﬁt and
might have moved your protective stop to breakeven. This is why it is so important
to enter a trend early, even if that means entering during the spike phase and not
waiting for a pullback. This is what the institutions are doing, and so should you.
Although the math is different every day and in every market and on every time
frame and it is impossible to know it in advance, on most charts most trades will
have between a 40 percent and a 60 percent chance of success. The word most is
also vague and it means about 90 percent of the time. This can be confusing, but it
is important to your success. If you were to buy or sell for any reason at any time,
you would have a 90 percent certainty that the chances of making a certain number
of points are about the same as the chances of losing the same number of points.
However, that other 10 percent of the time is critical because if you are conﬁdent
that the market is not in that 40 percent to 60 percent band, then you have an edge.
For example, if AAPL is in a strong spike down on the 5 minute chart, the chances
of making $1.00 on your short before losing $1.00 might be 70 percent or more. The
better you become at understanding price action, the better you will be at spotting
brief imbalances like this. They come every day, on every chart, and on every time
frame, but the keys are to learn to spot them and to patiently wait for them. Once
you become proﬁcient, you are in a position to make money as a trader.
The directional probability cannot stay far above 50 percent for long because
there has to be an institution on the other side and it will quickly realize that its
trader’s equation is negative and change its position. During a strong spike, there
is a high level of directional certainty. For example, if AAPL has a strong three-bar
bull spike of $3.00 on the 5 minute chart, the probability of the market moving up
$3.00 more before falling $3.00 may be 60 percent or higher. Once the spike ends
and the channel begins, the probability slowly erodes as the market approaches its
measured move target or whatever resistance level is exerting a magnetic pull on
the market. En route to its target, the directional probability falls to about 50 per-
cent, but once it gets to the target, the directional probability overshoots 50 percent
and now actually favors a move down. Why is that? Because the market usually has
to go too far before traders realize that it has overshot neutrality. The market is
good at knowing when it has gone too far, but not very good at knowing when
it has gone far enough. Traders are uncertain when the market is actually in the
middle of the developing range, and they do not become certain that it is at the
top of the range until that is clearly the case. The top of the channel is the start
of the move down and the top of an incipient trading range. Whenever the market
is at the top of a trading range, the directional probability of an equidistant move
favors a sell-off, since most breakout attempts fail and reverse back down into the
range. Therefore, the probability of a down move is maybe 60 percent, and once the

MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
473
market drops down into the middle of the developing trading range, the directional
probability of an equidistant move again returns to about 50 percent. If the trend up
was very strong, the odds probably favor an up move slightly when the market is in
the middle of the range, and if the market drifts down to the bottom of the channel,
the odds of an up move increase further, since the market is then at the bottom of
a trading range where a downside breakout is unlikely.
The market often oscillates above and below the middle of the range as it tries
to ﬁnd neutrality and uncertainty. This is where both the bulls and the bears feel
there is value for new positions. However, at some point one side will decide that
there is no longer value there, and far fewer traders will take positions at this price
in that direction. The market will then trend until it ﬁnds a new price where both
the bulls and the bears feel there is value, which will be in another trading range.
Once the market initially reaches the top of the channel, if it is $3.00 above
the bottom, the market now has about a 60 percent chance of falling $3.00 to the
bottom of the channel before rising $3.00 more. You could choose any number, like
$2.00 or $1.00; it does not matter, as long as it is not too large for the chart on
the screen. The market has about a 60 percent chance of falling $1.00 before rising
$1.00 and vice versa. The bottom of the channel is a magnet that usually gets tested
and it is $3.00 below. Since the pullback to test the bottom of the channel usually
has far less momentum than the spike that preceded the channel, the directional
probability of the move up after a test of the bottom of the channel will be less than
when the market was in the spike, and it might be comparable to that of the bull
channel. If the slope of the correction down is shallow, the directional probability
of an equidistant move at the bottom of the pullback (and therefore the bottom
of the developing trading range) favors the bulls and may be 60 percent. You can
never know for sure, but the leg down is some kind of trend, just like the channel
up was a weak trend, and whenever there is a trend, the directional probability
of it continuing is above 50 percent until it has gone too far. Once the pullback
has reached a support level, the directional probability once again rises to about
60 percent for the opposite direction (a move up). If the support appears weak, the
probability is less, but still greater than 50 percent for a bounce up. For example,
there might be a 56 percent chance of AAPL rallying one dollar before falling one
more dollar.
In any case, when the probability is close to 50 percent, your reward has to
be greater than your risk for you to take a trade. If your risk is the same as your
reward, the trade is theoretically breakeven if you execute it perfectly and ignore
commissions. Since you can do neither, the system will lose money. For example,
if your proﬁt target is $1.00 and you increase your stop to any size, say $2.00, you
will lose money if the probability of a $1.00 move up is the same as a $1.00 move
down. Why is that? Let’s say that you do this four times. In two of the times you
do this, your $1.00 proﬁt-taking limit order will be ﬁlled. However, in the other two
trades, the market will fall $1.00 before hitting your $1.00 proﬁt target. Now that it

474
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
is down a dollar, the probability is still 50 percent that it will move up $1.00 before
moving down another $1.00 and hitting your $2.00 stop. This means that in one of
four trades you lose $2.00 and in two of four you make $1.00. That remaining trade
is when the market falls about a dollar but then rallies back to breakeven. At that
point, the process begins again and you have a 50 percent chance of making $1.00
and a 25 percent chance of losing $2.00. You can do the iterations an inﬁnite number
of times and you will come up with the same result, and that is that you are twice
as likely to make $1.00 as you are to lose $2.00. This means that the expected net
proﬁt is zero. Once you subtract commissions and some money for human error,
you will conclude that it is a money-losing approach. You can use even larger stops
and repeat the math, but the result will be the same.
Why does a measured move target often work so precisely? Because it is the
minimum needed by institutions to have a positive trader’s equation, and they
would not otherwise take the trade. Since they are proﬁtable, the basket of all of
their trades has a positive trader’s equation, which means that, for the average dol-
lar that they trade, the minimum move has to be at least a measured move. Alterna-
tively, the probability has to be much greater than 60 percent, which is unlikely. The
result is that many trades hit a target exactly because many ﬁrms will take proﬁts
there, knowing that if they do, they are doing the minimum necessary to make the
basket of their trades proﬁtable. Most targets fail because they are the minimum,
and when a market is strong, ﬁrms will hold well beyond the target before taking
proﬁts.
There is one ﬁnal point about the mathematics of trading, and I will take it
from the mathematician Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, and that is that much of life
is not what it seems. In fact, Dodgson is not what he seemed to be and is better
known as Lewis Carroll. We work in an Alice in Wonderland world where nothing
is really as it seems. Up is not always up, and down is not always down. Just look
at most strong breakouts of trading ranges—they usually fail and up is really the
start of down and down is really just part of up. Also, 60 percent is 60 percent in
only 90 percent of the cases and can be 90 percent sometimes and 10 percent at
other times. If a good setup is 60 percent, how can you win 80 percent or more of
the time? Well, in a pullback in a strong trend just above support, a setup might
work 60 percent of the time; but if you use a wider stop or if you can scale in as the
market goes lower, especially if your subsequent entry is larger, you might ﬁnd that
you win in 80 percent or more of those 60 percent setups. Since 80 percent of trend
reversal attempts fail and become simply pullbacks, these pullbacks often have an
80 percent chance of a proﬁtable trade in the direction of the trend. Also, if you
use a very wide stop and are willing to sit through a large drawdown for a couple
of hours, that 60 percent chance of making two points before losing two points in
the Emini might be a 90 percent chance of making four points before losing eight
points. If you are ﬂexible and comfortable with constantly changing probabilities
and many probabilities coexisting, your chance of success is much greater.

Figure 25.1
MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
475
FIGURE 25.1
As a Spike Grows, So Does the Proﬁt Target
The proﬁt potential increases as the size of the spike increases. Although some
traders think of spikes as beginning at the high of the ﬁrst bar of the spike and
ending at the low of the ﬁnal bar of the spike, it is usually more reliable to look only
at the bodies of the bars instead of the tails. If a measured move down goes beyond
one based on the open of the ﬁrst bar to the close of the last bar, then traders should
look at how the market behaves at a measured move based on the high of the ﬁrst
bar to the low of the last bar.
In the chart on the left in Figure 25.1, when the spike was just a single bear trend
bar that had a body that was ﬁve ticks tall, the projected target for the move down
was ﬁve ticks below the close of that bar. In the chart on the right, the spike had
grown to four bars, and the open of the ﬁrst bar was 19 ticks above the close of the
ﬁnal bar. The projected target was then 19 ticks below the close of the ﬁnal bar. If
you bought early on as the spike was just forming, even though your risk remained
constant since your stop stayed at one tick above the high of the ﬁrst bar of the
spike, your potential reward increased as the measured move target continued to
fall. You could reduce your risk to breakeven after the market had one or two large
bear trend bars, or even move your protective stop to just above the high of one
of those bars. If you did, you would be locking in at least a small proﬁt while still
being in a good position to make a large proﬁt.

476
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 25.2
FIGURE 25.2
Look for Brief Moments of Higher Probability
Although the directional probability of an equidistant move up or down is usually
around 50 percent, it is brieﬂy higher many times during the day, and traders should
look for trades when that happens. As shown in Figure 25.2, shorting anytime dur-
ing the strong three-bar bear spike down to bar 15 had maybe a 70 percent chance
that the market would fall X more points before rallying that same amount. Less
obvious was the bottom at bar 20. The day was a trending trading range day, and
the upper range between the bar 9 low and the bar 11 high was about four points.
Since the lower range usually tests the bar 9 breakout point and the bottom range
would likely be about the same height as the upper trading range, buying four or
more points below bar 9 had perhaps a 60 percent chance of leading to a four-point
rally before hitting a stop four points below. After the repeated bull reversal bars
at bars 15, 16, 17, the bar after bar 19, and bar 20, the probability may have been
as high as 70 percent. The bears made repeated attempts to push the market below
yesterday’s close and were failing. Each of these attempts represented buying pres-
sure, which was cumulative. Once it reached a critical mass, the bulls would take
over. After the ﬁrst three or four bottom attempts, you could buy on a limit order
at four points below bar 9, risk four points, and have an OCO limit order to take
proﬁts four points higher.
Shorting below bar 14 had only about a 50 percent chance of leading to a good
swing trade, because it was in a tight trading range where the probability of a swing

Figure 25.2
MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
477
in either direction was only about 50 percent. The setup was a small wedge bear
ﬂag and a lower high after the two-bar bear spike at bar 11. There was strong selling
earlier in the day, so maybe the probability of the downside breakout was slightly
higher than 50 percent. The risk was less than two points, and the reward was the
size of some kind of measured move down, like maybe a leg 1 = leg 2 move based
on the move from bar 3 to bar 9, or the height of the bar 5 to bar 9 trading range.
In either case, a trader had about a 50 percent chance of making about four points
while risking about two points, which yields a sound trader’s equation. Once the
market broke out in the strong bear spike down to bar 15, traders held some of
their positions for a measured move down based on the height of the bar 14 to
bar 15 bear spike.
This was a trending trading range day, and it is a good example of why it was
wise to pay attention to what type of day is unfolding. The trading range of the ﬁrst
half of the day was about half of the size of an average daily range. When a breakout
occurs after the ﬁrst hour or two, the market usually reaches about a measured
move down and then bounces as it begins to form a lower trading range. Traders
who understood this were more conﬁdent about buying between bars 16 and 20,
and many traders were buying on limit orders at or below the most recent swing
lows. That is why there were so many bars with tails down there. For example,
after the bounce up at bar 19, aggressive traders placed limit or market orders to
buy at, just below, or just above the bar 19 low. They went long at bar 20 and held
for a test of the bottom to the upper trading range at the bar 9 low. Many would
have used a protective stop that was about the same number of ticks as there were
in the average recent bar.
Once the market began to develop strong bull bars from bar 16 to the bar before
bar 18, the buying pressure was strong enough for traders to expect a test of the
breakout below bar 9. They saw the space between the most recent tick and the
bar 9 low as a gap and expected it to ﬁll. It came to within three ticks on bar 18, but
traders usually expect a test to come to within two ticks or less. With the market
having had as much buying pressure as it had today, most traders believed that the
market would trade above the bar 9 low. Some bought on limit orders at about a
measured move down from the bar 9 low, based on the height of the trading range
from the bar 9 low to the bar 11 high (it was about four points). Others began to
buy below the low of the prior bar or below prior lows, like when the market fell
below the bar 19 low. These traders might have used a risk equal to their reward,
expecting about a 60 percent chance of success.
Had the bear breakout been very strong, traders would have done the opposite.
They would have shorted in the area of the bottom of the bear spike and risked to
above the spike, believing that there was about a 60 percent chance of reaching a
reward equal to their risk. For example, some shorted around the bar 15 close and
expected about a 60 percent chance of making as many ticks as they had to risk

478
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 25.2
(one tick above the bar 14 high down to their entry price, or about four points).
Once the market began to develop buying pressure several ticks above their proﬁt-
taking limit orders, they no longer saw their premise as valid. Even though they
tightened their protective stops, they were not willing to risk two to three points
to make that remaining point in the face of the buying pressure; they began to buy
back their shorts, adding to the buying pressure. Since these bears just exited on a
short trade that ended up weaker than they had expected, they would not have been
willing to short again until after several more bars up. They would have considered
shorting only at higher prices, like maybe at the bar 9 low, if there was a reasonable
sell setup. At that point, the market was in a tight bull channel and likely to go
higher, so not enough bears shorted there to turn the market down, and this led to
the tight bull channel up to bar 23, where the market was vacuumed up to test the
bar 12 low.
A scalper needs high probability trades to have a positive trader’s equation,
because his reward is often about the same size as his risk. However, some trends
will have a series of weak buy setups at the top of bull channels (or weak sell
setups at the bottom of bear channels) and therefore low probabilities of success.
Many swing traders will still take the trades and often make many times their risk,
but most scalpers will often miss trends that can last for 10 or more bars and cover
many points. For example, a scalper might not buy above the bear doji that followed
bar 21 or the bear reversal bar after bar 22, and ﬁnd himself missing the rally up to
bar 23. This can be frustrating to a beginning trader who watches the trend move
up without a high probability pullback, but it is a mathematically sound decision.
With experience, he will see that there were some high probability setups that he
could have taken, like buying the close of either of the bull trend bars between bars
21 and 22, or buying at the bar 22 low, since the pullback was the ﬁrst in a strong
bull micro channel. There are a couple of days each month where a low probability
buy setup at the top of a bull channel or a weak sell setup at the bottom of a bear
channel can lead to a huge trend, and swing traders make big enough proﬁts to
offset the losses that they have on the majority of their other similar trades. They
take many other trades as well, and some have a high probability of success.
Can a scalper make a proﬁt with a stop larger than his target? Yes, but it re-
quires trade management and most traders should not try it. For example, if he
uses a one-point proﬁt target and a two-point stop, and the market quickly ﬁlls his
proﬁt-taking limit order without any pullback, he actually risked only a couple of
ticks to make four. If the market pulled back seven ticks before going his way, he
then had to risk eight ticks and would then increase his proﬁt target to at least
the eight ticks he would need to have a proﬁtable trader’s equation, because the
probability would likely still be around 60 percent.

Figure 25.3
MATHEMATICS OF TRADING
479
FIGURE 25.3
Scalpers Often Miss Trends When the Setups Are Not High Probability
Scalpers usually have a reward that is about equal to their risk, and this requires
the setups to have at least a 60 percent probability of success. On some trend days,
many of the setups don’t look reliable enough, and the result is that scalpers often
miss trends that can last 10 or more bars and cover many points. Swing traders, on
the other hand, can be comfortable with setups that have a chance of success that
is only 40 percent or less when the reward is many times larger than the risk.
Several of the setups in the move down from bar 18 probably did not have a
60 percent chance of success in the eyes of a lot of scalpers, and those scalpers
would have missed most of the huge bear trend. Many would have chosen to trade
little or not at all in the two hours between bars 18 and 25. Swing traders could have
shorted below the bar 18 moving average gap bar, the bar 21 two-bar reversal and
lower high, or the bar 28 double top lower high and bear ﬂag, and made more than
enough points to offset their relatively low probability of success. They could have
added on below bar 31, even though it had a bull body and was the entry bar for
a wedge long (bars 13, 25, and the small doji before bar 31 were the three pushes
down). It was the ﬁrst pullback in a six-bar bear micro channel in a bear trend, and
it had a prominent tail on the top, increasing the chances that the market would
trade down. The probability of the swing was still relatively low, but the poten-
tial reward was very large, because the market might have been breaking below a
wedge bottom and could fall for about a measured move down, which it did.

480
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 25.3
Most scalpers would not have shorted below bar 18 because it had a bull body
and was in a tight bull channel. Although the next bar had a bear body and therefore
created a two-bar reversal, it had a prominent tail, making it a lower probability
signal, especially after a strong rally that was in a tight bull channel.
Although bar 21 was a lower high, at that point in the day, most traders were
looking for a second leg up after the strong bar 13 sell climax, so many scalpers
would have been hesitant to short below the bottom of a triangle (bars 16 and 20
were the ﬁrst two pushes down, and the doji bar after bar 21 might have become
the third) or trading range, which is always a relatively low probability trade.
Bar 22 was a breakout pullback short but it followed a small doji, which might
have been the start of the second leg up, so many scalpers would not have shorted
at the bottom of what could have soon been the bottom of the second leg up.
All of the bear bars from bar 23 to bar 25 had prominent tails, which meant that
traders were buying at the lows of the bars, and therefore the channel was weak.
Scalpers don’t like to short at the bottom of a weak bear channel.
The move up from the possible bar 25 lower low and bottom of the parabolic
channel (after the three-bar bear spike down to bar 13, and the smaller spikes at
bar 20 and two bars after bar 21) to bar 26 had four bull bodies, including a large
bull trend bar. It was strong enough for many traders to see the market as having
ﬂipped to always in long, and be inclined to look for long setups, not shorts. Bar 27
was a strong bull reversal bar and two-legged higher low. The odds favored more
sideways or up trading. Bar 28 had a bull body and was therefore not a strong sell
signal bar. The next bar had a bear body and therefore created a two-bar reversal,
but its low was far enough below the bar 28 low to make scalpers unwilling to short
because there was too much risk of a double bottom with the bar 27 low.
Once the market had the strong breakout down to bar 29, scalpers might have
shorted its close, or the close of the next bar, which conﬁrmed the always-in ﬂip
to down.
Bar 31 was a breakout pullback, but had a bull body and prominent tails, which
made scalpers suspect that the market might be entering a small trading range.
The probability was great enough to make many not short below its low, but some
would have. They also might have shorted as it moved above the doji bar and on
the close, once they saw the large tail on the top, signifying selling pressure. With
all of the difﬁcult setups for scalpers, especially for shorting after the bar 18 high,
there were still plenty of high probability opportunities for them to make money.
They could have shorted below bars 2, 4, 6, 12, and maybe 21 (some would not have
taken this short), and they could have shorted the closes of the bar after bar 6, the
bar after bar 12, bar 29, bar 30, bar 31 and the bar after, and on limit orders above
bar 1, bar 17, the bar after bar 20, the bar before bar 22, and the bar after bar 30.
They could have bought above bar 3, bar 5, the bar after bar 13, the close of the bar
after bar 25 or the bar after that, and above bar 27.

C H A P T E R 2 6
Need Two
Reasons to
Take a Trade
S
ome basic rules make trading easier because once a rule is satisﬁed, you can
act without hesitation. One of the most important rules is that you need two
reasons to take a trade, and any two reasons are good enough. Once you
have them, place your order to enter, and once in, just follow basic proﬁt target
and protective stop-loss rules, trusting that you will be proﬁtable by the end of the
day. One important note is that if there is a steep trend, never trade countertrend,
even if there is a high or low 2 or 4, unless there was ﬁrst a prior signiﬁcant trend
line break or trend channel overshoot and reversal. Also, it is far better if the trend
line break had strong momentum instead of just a sideways drift. Remember that
bar counting setups are not trend reversal patterns. For example, a high 2 is an
entry in a bull trend or at the bottom of a trading range and not in a bear trend, so
if there is a steep bear trend, you should not be looking for high 2, high 3, or high 4
buy setups.
Learn to anticipate trades so that you will be ready to place your orders. For
example, if there is a break below a major swing low and then two legs down, or an
overshoot of a trend channel line, look for a reversal up; or if there is an ii breakout
in an overdone leg, look for a reversal. Once you see an outside bar or a barbwire
pattern, look for a small bar at the extreme for a possible fade trade. If there is
a strong trend, be ready for the ﬁrst moving average pullback, for any two-legged
pullbacks to the moving average, and for the ﬁrst moving average gap pullback.
There are only a few situations in which you need only one reason to enter
a trade. First, anytime there is a strong trend, you must enter on every pullback
that does not follow a climax or ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, even if the pullback is just a
high 1 in a strong bull spike or a low 1 in a strong bear spike. Also, if there was
481

482
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
a trend line overshoot and a good reversal bar, you can fade the move and expect
the trend to resume. The only other time that only one reason is needed to enter a
trade, whether in a trading range or in a trend, is when there is a second entry. By
deﬁnition there was a ﬁrst entry, so the second entry is the second reason.
Here are some possible reasons for entering a trade (remember, you need two
or more):
r Good signal bar pattern, like a good reversal bar, a two-bar reversal, or an ii.
r Moving average pullback in a trend, especially if two-legged (a high 2 in a bull
trend or a low 2 in a bear trend).
r Breakout pullback.
r Pullback in a clearly always-in market (a strong trend).
r Test of any kind of support or resistance, but especially trend lines, trend chan-
nel lines, breakout tests, and measured move targets.
r Dueling lines.
r High 2 buy setup in a bull trend or at the bottom of a trading range (whenever
you see a double bottom, it is a high 2 buy setup).
r Low 2 sell setup in a bear trend or at the top of a trading range (every double
top is a low 2 sell setup).
r Most bull reversals (bottoms) come from micro double bottoms, double bot-
toms, or ﬁnal bear ﬂag reversals.
r Most bear reversals (tops) come from micro double tops, double tops, or ﬁnal
bull ﬂag reversals.
r Sideways to down high 3 pullback in a bull trend, which is a wedge bull ﬂag.
r Sideways to up low 3 pullback in a bear trend, which is a wedge bear ﬂag.
r High 4 bull ﬂag.
r Low 4 bear ﬂag.
r Weak high 1 or high 2 signal bar at the top of a trading range when you are
looking for a short.
r Weak low 1 or low 2 signal bar at the bottom of a trading range when you are
looking to buy.
r Failure of anything (the market reverses before going as far as expected):
r A breakout of a prior high or low.
r A ﬂag breakout (ﬁnal ﬂags are discussed in book 3).
r A reversal from an overshoot of a trend line or a trend channel line.
r A failure to reach a proﬁt target, like the market reversing at ﬁve or nine ticks
in an Emini scalp.

Figure 26.1
NEED TWO REASONS TO TAKE A TRADE
483
FIGURE 26.1
At Least Two Reasons to Take a Trade
As shown in Figure 26.1, bar 2 was a two-legged pullback to the moving average
(every double bottom is a high 2 buy setup) in a strong bull trend and was reason
enough to go long. Another reason was that it was the ﬁrst moving average touch
in more than 20 bars in a trend from the open bull trend with a big gap up. It was
also the ﬁrst good trend line break, so a test of the high was expected.
Bar 3 followed the second failed attempt to break above bar 1. There was an ii
setup with the second bar having a bear close. It was also a low 2 in a developing
trading range, where the move up to bar 1 was the ﬁrst leg up.
Bar 5 was a low 2 at the moving average in a bear swing after a strong three-bar
bear spike. The market was likely to have a bear channel after the strong spike.
Bar 6 was a bear trend channel line overshoot and reversal and a breakout test
of the tight trading range (a triangle) of the ﬁrst hour. However, it was at the bottom
of a three-hour bear channel, and channels can go very far and have many pullbacks
along the way. It is almost always better to wait for a breakout pullback from the
channel before taking a countertrend trade. That second entry came at the bar 7
higher low, which was a pullback after breaking above the trend line down from
bar 5 (not shown).
Although bar 6 was a reversal bar, its close was barely above the midpoint and
was therefore a weak signal bar.

484
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 26.2
FIGURE 26.2
Expanding Triangle
As shown in Figure 26.2, yesterday closed with a surge to bar 4, completing four legs
of a developing expanding triangle, which needed one more new low to complete.
If you were aware of that possibility, you would have looked for a long entry after
a break below bar 3. Bar 5 dropped below bar 3, completing the expanding triangle
bottom, and you just had to wait for an entry setup, which was one tick above the
high of the bar 6 two-bar reversal and small higher low.

Figure 26.3
NEED TWO REASONS TO TAKE A TRADE
485
FIGURE 26.3
Two Reasons to Take a Trade
As shown in Figure 26.3, bar 1 was a second-entry short following a test of yester-
day’s high. The run-up was strong, and therefore it was better to wait for the second
entry. Traders could have shorted as the bar fell below the low of the prior bar and
became an outside down bar, or they could have shorted below the low of the bear
bar from two bars earlier. In general, it is always more reliable to short below a
strong bear bar.
Bar 2 was a high 2 following a large inside doji bar, but the down momentum
was strong. When there is a tight bear channel after a strong bear spike, it is better
to wait for a trend line break before buying. Likewise, bar 3 was a bad second long
entry because it followed a strong bear trend bar, and you should have still been
waiting for a bear trend line break before looking to buy.
Bar 4 was a low 2 at the moving average, but it followed four bars that almost
entirely overlapped. In a tight trading range like this, you should never enter in ei-
ther direction until after either one of the following events: a large trend bar breaks
out of the pattern by at least three ticks and you have waited for that bar to fail, or
there is a small bar that you can fade near the top or bottom of the trading range.

486
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 26.3
This was a two-bar reversal that overlapped at least one other bar, and the signal
bar was large, forcing traders to short at the bottom of the trading range. As is dis-
cussed in book 1 in Chapter 5 on reversal bars, this was a likely bear trap and not
a with-trend setup. Experienced traders would not have shorted there, and aggres-
sive traders would have placed limit orders to buy at its low.
Many of these one-tick false breakouts like those at bars 2 and 3 occur in the
ﬁrst minute or two of a countertrend 5 minute entry bar. Breakouts that occur in the
ﬁnal minute of the bar tend to be more reliable because you then have momentum
right at the end of the bar. The chances of it continuing into the next bar are greater
than if it had occurred four minutes earlier and has since pulled back.
Trading low-probability trades will wipe out more than all of your gains.

Figure 26.4
NEED TWO REASONS TO TAKE A TRADE
487
FIGURE 26.4
Moving Average Pullback Short
When a stock is in a strong trend, it is reasonable to enter on a limit order on the
ﬁrst couple of tests of the moving average, or you can enter on the 1 minute chart
with a price action stop entry at the moving average. In Figure 26.4, the 5 minute
chart is the smaller chart, and the moving average on the 1 minute chart is the
5 minute moving average, but plotted on the 1 minute chart. At bars 1 and 2 in
AAPL, a second entry off the 1 minute chart at the 5 minute moving average had
about a 25 cent risk, and the price action entry off the 5 minute chart (insert) had
about a 45 cent risk. You could also have shorted at the market on the ﬁrst 5 minute
close above the moving average and used about a 20 cent stop. Here, at bars 1
and 2 on the 5 minute chart, the market went only 4 cents above the close before
reversing down. In general, it is better either to wait for the second 1 minute entry
or to use the traditional 5 minute price action entry (on a stop below the bar that
tests the exponential moving average), because there is very little gained by the
other methods and they just involve more thought, which can distract you from
your primary trading on a higher time frame chart, like the 5 minute.

488
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 26.5
FIGURE 26.5
When a Channel Is Tight, Wait for a Second Signal
As shown in Figure 26.5, the Emini formed a wedge with bars 1, 5, and 7. The wedge
formed by bars 2, 5, and 7 was a less reliable reversal setup because the channel
was so steep. When there is a tight channel, it is better to wait to short a lower high,
like the one that occurred at bar 10.
Bar 8 was a two-bar reversal, so the entry was below the lower of the two bars,
which was below the bar 8 low and not just below bar 7. Most traders would have
waited to short the bar 10 lower high instead of shorting as bar 8 fell below the low
of bar 7. The reversal down was also from the small bar 6 ﬁnal ﬂag. Both wedge
and ﬁnal ﬂag tops are usually followed by at least a two-legged sideways to down
correction, and the high of the wedge usually will not be exceeded until after the
correction is complete. Knowing this, it was reasonable to place a limit order to
short at one or two ticks above the bar 9 iii pattern. The protective stop would have
been above the high of bar 7 and that would have entailed a risk of six ticks. When
there is a strong bear trend bar at a top, shorting below it is usually a good trade
even if the entry occurs several bars later. Because bar 10 was such a strong bear
trend bar and it closed below the bar 8 low, that is what happened here.

Figure 26.6
NEED TWO REASONS TO TAKE A TRADE
489
FIGURE 26.6
Buying New Lows in a Bear Trend
Even though the price action shown in Figure 26.6 is both a strong spike and chan-
nel bear trend and a trend from the open bear day and more money could have been
made by shorting, experienced traders were buying each new low until the strong
trend into the close. This is not for beginners, since this is very difﬁcult to do emo-
tionally until you have enough experience to be conﬁdent with what is going on.
Beginners should only have been shorting in this clear bear trend.
One countertrend approach is to buy a half-size position on a limit order placed
at the level of the prior swing low, and a second limit order to add on two points
lower (you are trying to scale into your long position). If your one-point proﬁt tar-
get is ﬁlled before the second buy order gets ﬁlled, you take your proﬁt, cancel that
other buy order, and look to buy a new swing low. For example, you would have
been ﬁlled during bar 2 at exactly the low of bar 1, and you could have scalped
out for a one-point proﬁt. Your second order would not have been ﬁlled, and you
would have canceled it at this point and looked to buy the next swing low. If
you entered during bar 4 on a limit order located at the low of bar 3, you could
have put your second half on two points lower and used a stop on the entire posi-
tion two points below that second entry. Once the market rallied up to your original
entry, you could have exited your entire position, having made a two-point proﬁt
on your lower entry and having been breakeven on your ﬁrst buy.

490
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 26.6
This approach worked even at the end of the day, when the market entered
a strong bear trend channel. If traders got long during bar 8 at the low of bar 7
and then bought more two points lower during bar 9, they could have gotten out
during bar 10. The high of bar 10 was one tick above the low of bar 7, so they
would have made two points’ proﬁt on their second entry and exited breakeven on
the ﬁrst.

C H A P T E R 2 7
Entering
on Stops
A
price action trader is looking for a reason to enter, and the bar that completes
the setup is called a signal bar. The bar when you actually enter is called the
entry bar. One of the best ways to trade using price action is to enter on
a stop, because you are being carried into the trade by the market’s momentum
and therefore are trading in the direction of at least a tiny trend (at least one tick
long). This is the single most reliable entry approach, and beginners should restrict
themselves to it until they become consistently proﬁtable. For example, if you are
shorting a bear trend, you can place an order to sell short at one tick below the
low of the prior bar, which becomes your signal bar after your order is ﬁlled. A
reasonable location for a protective stop is at one tick above the high of the signal
bar. After the entry bar closes, if it has a strong bear body, tighten the stop to one
tick above the entry bar. Otherwise, keep the stop above the signal bar until after
the market begins to move strongly in your direction.
491

492
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 27.1
FIGURE 27.1
Need a Six-Tick Move to Make Four Ticks
It usually takes a six-tick move beyond the signal bar to net a four-tick scalp and
a ten-tick move to make an eight-tick scalp in the Eminis. In Figure 27.1, the entry
buy stop was one tick above the bar 2 signal bar’s high at line A, where you would
have been ﬁlled. Your limit sell order to take four ticks’ proﬁt on your scalp was
four ticks above that, at line B. Your limit order usually won’t get ﬁlled unless the
market moves one tick beyond it. This was line C, and it was six ticks above the
high of the signal bar.

C H A P T E R 2 8
Entering
on Limits
E
xperienced traders will enter with stop or limit orders, depending on the situ-
ation. When the market is in a strong trend, entering on stops is a reasonable
approach. When it is in more of a channel, they will be more inclined to look
to enter on limit orders. For example, if there is a strong bull spike, traders will
enter on stops above bars and at the market around the tops of bars. Once the mar-
ket converts into its channel phase, it is still in a bull trend, but now the trend is
weaker, and it can end at any time and test down to the bottom of the channel. Early
on, traders will still look to enter on stops on high 1 and high 2 buy signals. After
the channel has gone on for a while (maybe 10 or more bars), many experienced
traders will switch to entering on limit orders at and below the low of the prior bar
instead of on stop orders above the high of the prior bar. Once the channel goes on
for a long time (maybe 20 bars) and approaches resistance areas, traders will stop
looking to buy and will instead begin to sell at and above the high of the prior bar on
limit orders. They will sell to take proﬁts on longs, and some will scale into shorts.
Once there is a bear breakout, the process begins in reverse. If the bear trend is
strong, they will sell on stops below bars, but if the bear leg is weak, experienced
traders will not short on stops near the low. Instead, they will prefer to short on
stops on pullbacks, like below low 1 or low 2 setups near the moving average, and
on limit orders at and above the high of the prior bar.
Until traders are consistently proﬁtable, they should enter only on stops be-
cause then the market is going in their direction as they enter, and this increases
the chances that they will have a proﬁtable trade. Limit order entries can have just
as good a probability of success, but it is more difﬁcult to determine if the setup
is strong, and this takes experience. It is also emotionally easier to see the trade
493

494
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
immediately go your way than it is to see it go further against you, as often happens
with a limit order entry. A limit order means that you are betting that the market is
about to reverse direction. You might be right, but early. Therefore, many traders
who enter on limit orders trade smaller sizes. They look to add on if the market
continues against them and they still believe that it will soon reverse.
Here are some of the situations in which a limit order entry can be useful (ex-
amples of all of them are in the appropriate chapters of the three books):
r If you missed placing your stop entry order for the original entry by a few sec-
onds and are trying to get in at the original price, place a limit order at the
original price or a tick worse.
r Buy with a limit order located at the close of the prior bar if it was a strong bull
trend bar in a strong bull spike.
r Sell with a limit order located at the close of the prior bar if it was a strong bear
trend bar in a strong bear spike.
r Buy a small pullback in a strong bull spike before the bar closes, like placing a
limit order to buy two ticks below the current high of the bar.
r Sell a small pullback in a strong bear spike before the bar closes, like placing a
limit order to sell two ticks above the current low of the bar.
r When there is a bull breakout bar that could create a micro gap, buy just above
the high of the bar before the breakout bar, which is the breakout point.
r When there is a bear breakout bar that could create a micro gap, sell just below
the low of the bar before the breakout bar, which is the breakout point.
r Buy on a limit order at or below the low of the prior bar in a strong bull
spike.
r Sell on a limit order at or above the high of the prior bar in a strong bear
spike.
r Buy on a limit order at one tick above the bottom of an ii pattern in a strong
bull trend, risking two ticks to make four or more ticks, since this has about a
60 percent probability.
r Sell on a limit order at one tick below the top of an ii pattern in a strong bear
trend, risking two ticks to make four or more ticks, since this has about a
60 percent probability.
r When a bull trend bar that is not particularly large ﬂips the market to always-
in long, buy on a limit order at one tick above the high of the bar before it,
anticipating a measuring gap (it is a sign of strength if the bar does not fall
below the high of the bar before the bull breakout bar).
r When a bear trend bar that is not particularly large ﬂips the market to always-
in short, sell on a limit order at one tick below the low of the bar before it,
anticipating a measuring gap (it is a sign of strength if the bar does not go
above the low of the bar before the bear breakout bar).

ENTERING ON LIMITS
495
r While the opening range is forming, if there are two consecutive bull trend bars
with strong bodies, buy at the low of the previous bar, expecting the low of the
bull spike to hold for at least a scalp up.
r While the opening range is forming, if there are two consecutive bear trend bars
with strong bodies, sell at the high of the previous bar, expecting the high of
the bear spike to hold for at least a scalp down.
r Buy a bear spike at the market or on a limit order at the bottom of a trading
range.
r Sell a bull spike at the market or on a limit order at the top of a trading range.
r When there is a bear spike in a bull market and the bears need the next bar to
be a bear bar to conﬁrm a ﬂip of the always-in trade to down, buy the close of
the last bear trend bar in the spike before the follow-through bar forms, at and
below the low of the bear trend bar, and at the close of the next bar if it does
not have a bear body (and buy on a stop above its high). A pullback is more
likely than a bear spike and channel.
r When there is a bull spike in a bear market and the bulls need the next bar to be
a bull bar to conﬁrm a ﬂip of the always-in trade to up, sell the close of the last
bull trend bar in the spike before the follow-through bar forms, at and above
the high of the bull trend bar, and at the close of the next bar if it does not have
a bull body (and sell on a stop below its low). A pullback is more likely than a
bull spike and channel.
r When there is a large bear trend bar that is a likely sell climax at the end of a
bear trend or pullback in a bull trend, buy at the close of the bar, below its low,
and at the close of the next bar (and on a stop above its high).
r When there is a large bull trend bar that is a likely buy climax at the end of a
bull trend or pullback in a bear trend, sell at the close of the bar, above its high,
and at the close of the next bar (and on a stop below its low).
r When there is a pullback in a bull trend after a one-bar bull spike, buy on a limit
order at a tick or two above the bottom of the bull spike, expecting a breakout
pullback instead of a failed breakout.
r When there is a pullback in a bear trend after a one-bar bear spike, sell on a
limit order at a tick or two below the top of the bear spike, expecting a breakout
pullback instead of a failed breakout.
r When a second leg up is likely after a bull spike, buy on a limit order at a
tick or two above the original signal bar high, even if the test comes dozens of
bars later.
r When a second leg down is likely after a bear spike, sell on a limit order at a
tick or two below the original signal bar low, even if the test comes dozens of
bars later.
r Buy below the low of the prior bar in a bull channel, especially when the chan-
nel is in its early stages.

496
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
r Sell above the high of the prior bar in a bear channel, especially when the chan-
nel is in its early stages.
r Buy below the low of the prior bar and below the most recent swing low in a
bear channel in its late stages after selling pressure has been building.
r Sell above the high of the prior bar and above the most recent swing high in a
bull channel in its late stages after buying pressure has been building.
r Buy below the low of the prior bar in a bull micro channel, expecting the ﬁrst
breakout below the channel to fail.
r Sell above the high of the prior bar in a bear micro channel, expecting the ﬁrst
breakout above the channel to fail.
r When there is a spike and channel bull trend and a low-momentum pullback to
the bottom of the channel, buy the test of the bottom of the channel.
r When there is a spike and channel bear trend and a low-momentum pullback
to the top of the channel, sell the test of the top of the channel.
r Buy a bear close after at least a couple of strong bull trend bars at the start of
a strong bull swing.
r Sell a bull close after at least a couple of strong bear trend bars at the start of a
strong bear swing.
r Buy at or below the low of a prior swing low at the bottom of the range.
r Sell at or above the high of a prior swing high at the top of the range.
r Buy with a limit order a tick or two above the bottom of a bull ledge (a
small trading range with a bottom created by two or more bars with identical
lows).
r Sell with a limit order at a tick or two below the top of a bear ledge (a small
trading range with a top created by two or more bars with identical highs).
r Buy at or below a low 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order at the bottom of a
trading range or in a new bull trend after a strong reversal up (a possible higher
low).
r Short at or above a high 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order at the top of a
trading range or in a new bear trend after a strong reversal down (a possible
lower high).
r In a strong bull trend, fade short scalps, since most will fail. When there is
a strong bull trend and then a short scalp setup, buy on a limit order at two
or three ticks above where the short scalpers are looking to take proﬁts. For
example, if there is a short setup in the Emini in a strong bull trend, look to
buy on a limit order at about four ticks below the bear signal bar and risk about
three ticks, expecting the sell-off to not reach the six ticks needed for the bears
to make a one-point scalp.
r In a strong bear trend, fade long scalps, since most will fail. When there is a
strong bear trend and then a buy scalp setup, short on a limit order at two or
three ticks below where the bull scalpers are looking to take proﬁts.

ENTERING ON LIMITS
497
r In a very strong bull trend where the market has not yet dropped below the
moving average by more than a couple of ticks, buy the close of the ﬁrst small
bear trend bar with a close that is a tick or two below the moving average.
r In a very strong bear trend where the market has not yet poked above the mov-
ing average by more than a couple of ticks, sell the close of the ﬁrst small bull
trend bar with a close that is a tick or two above the moving average.
r Buy at or below the prior bar on a limit order in a quiet bull ﬂag at the moving
average.
r Short at or above the prior bar on a limit order in a quiet bear ﬂag at the moving
average.
r Buy a bear close in a quiet bull ﬂag at the moving average.
r Sell a bull close in a quiet bear ﬂag at the moving average.
r Buy a moving average pullback in a strong bull trend, like a 20 gap bar buy
setup.
r Sell a moving average pullback in a strong bear trend, like a 20 gap bar sell
setup.
r Buy on a pullback to a steeply rising moving average and scale in at intervals
below the moving average.
r Sell on a pullback to a steeply falling moving average and scale in at intervals
above the moving average.
r Buy below a bull bar that breaks above a bull ﬂag, anticipating a breakout pull-
back.
r Sell above a bear bar that breaks below a bear ﬂag, anticipating a breakout
pullback.
r When trying for a swing in a bull trend, buy or buy more on a breakout test,
which is an attempt to run breakeven stops from an earlier long entry.
r When trying for a swing in a bear trend, sell or sell more on a breakout test,
which is an attempt to hit breakeven stops from an earlier short entry.
r When there is a pullback to a possible double bottom bull ﬂag, buy on a limit
order around the prior swing low.
r When there is a pullback to a possible double top bear ﬂag, sell on a limit order
around the prior swing high.
r Scale into any trade where you believe that your premise is strong.
r If the market is in a stairs pattern, enter on a limit order for the pullback to
the prior stair. For example, if the average daily range in the Emini is about
12 points and today is in a bear stairs pattern, consider placing a buy limit order
at four points below the prior swing low for a rally up to test that swing low.
r In a trending trading range day, place a limit order at the extreme in anticipation
of a test of the other side of the most recent trading range. For example, in a bull
trending trading range day when selling pressure is building, consider shorting
on a limit order located a tick or so below the measured move target (based

498
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
on the height of the lower trading range) for a test of the bottom of the upper
range or a test into the lower range.
r In a trading range day during a bull spike near the top of the range, sell a bear
close, especially if it is in the top half of the range of the prior bar and if it is a
second attempt to reverse down.
r In a trading range day during a bear spike near the bottom of the range, buy a
bull close, especially if it is in the bottom half of the range of the prior bar and
if it is a second attempt to reverse up.
r In a bull trending trading range day, sell the close of, and above the high of, a
large bull trend bar near the measured move target, especially if the bar is rela-
tively large and, therefore, a possible buy climax, and if the last ﬁve to 10 bars
had some selling pressure.
r In a bear trending trading range day, buy the close of, and below the low of, a
large bear trend bar near the measured move target, especially if the bar is rel-
atively large and, therefore, a possible sell climax, and if the last ﬁve to 10 bars
had some buying pressure.
r In a bull trending trading range day where the range will be about 10 points,
short on a limit order four to six points above the high of the lower range for a
test of the breakout.
r In a bear trending trading range day where the range will be about 10 points,
buy on a limit order four to six points below the low of the upper range for a
test of the breakout.
r In a strong bear channel when the market is setting up a two-bar reversal up,
short as the second bar rallies to the high of the ﬁrst bar, risking a few ticks,
expecting the market to not trade above the second bar and trigger the long.
r In a strong bull channel when the market is setting up a two-bar reversal down,
buy as the second bar falls to the low of the ﬁrst bar, risking a few ticks, ex-
pecting the market to not trade below the second bar and trigger the short.
r In a bull trend, buy a test of the bull trend line with a limit order (although it is
usually better to buy above a bull reversal bar that tests the line).
r In a bear trend, sell a test of the bear trend line with a limit order (although it
is usually better to sell below a bear reversal bar that tests the line).
r In a bull trend or a trading range, buy a falling wedge (a wedge bull ﬂag) as the
market tests the downwardly sloping trend channel line (although it is usually
better to buy above a bull reversal bar that tests the line).
r In a bear trend or a trading range, short a rising wedge (a wedge bear ﬂag) as
the market tests the upwardly sloping trend channel line (although it is usually
better to sell below a bear reversal bar that tests the line).
r In a bull trend where there is a pullback, which is a small bear trend, buy below
a swing low, expecting the breakout to a new low to fail and become a high 2
or wedge bull ﬂag buy signal.

ENTERING ON LIMITS
499
r In a bear trend where there is a pullback, which is a small bull trend, sell above
a swing high, expecting the breakout to a new high to fail and become a low 2
or wedge bear ﬂag sell signal.
r In a bull trend, buy a 60 to 70 percent pullback from the current high, risking
to a lower low, and taking proﬁt at or above a new high (the reward is about
twice the risk, the probability is about 60 percent).
r In a bear trend, sell a 60 to 70 percent pullback from the current low, risking
to a higher high, and taking proﬁt at or below a new low (the reward is about
twice the risk, the probability is about 60 percent).
In general, when the market is in a bull trend, the bulls will expect every at-
tempt by the bears to fail, and therefore look to buy each one. They will buy around
the close of every bear trend bar, even if the bar is large and closes on its low. They
will buy as the market falls below the low of the prior bar, any prior swing low, and
any support level, like a trend line. They also will buy every attempt by the market to
go higher, like around the high of a bull trend bar or as the market moves above the
high of the prior bar or above a resistance level. This is the exact opposite of what
traders do in strong bear markets, when they sell above and below bars, and above
and below both resistance and support. They sell above bars (and around every
type of resistance), including strong bull trend bars, because they see each move
up as an attempt to reverse the trend, and most trend reversal attempts fail. They
sell below bars (and around every type of support), because they see each move
down as an attempt to resume the bear trend, and expect that most will succeed.
A market order is just a type of limit order where a trader is eager to get in or
out of a trade and does not worry about saving a tick or two. Many traders who
want to trade at the market just place a limit order on their price ladder, so many
limit order trades are actually with the intent of entering or exiting at the market.
For example, if the QQQ is at $51.10 and in a bull spike, traders who want to get
long at the market will often hit a buy limit price on their price ladder that is above
the offer, like at $51.14, and get ﬁlled at the market. Because of this, most of what
I write about limit orders is applicable to market orders for traders who prefer to
use market orders.
Something very important happens every time the market moves above the
high or below the low of the prior bar. The market is breaking out of the range of
the prior bar, but it is very important to realize that most attempts to break out
fail. Unfortunately, beginning traders get caught up in the emotion of all breakouts
and assume that the market is at the start of a big move. They don’t understand
that the breakout is a test. The market is searching for value, and the breakout is
simply a contest between the bulls and the bears, and usually not the start of a big
trend. The market runs this test every bar or two on every chart and in every time
frame. A trader who used stop orders to buy above the high of every bar and short

500
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
below the low of every bar would be taking every breakout and would lose money.
Why? Because a stop entry is a breakout trade, and most breakouts fail. The market
usually gets pulled back into the trading range, such as the body of the prior bar,
and then decides where it will go next. Although stop entries and exits are the best
choice for traders starting out, they have to be selective.
Let’s say that the current bar just rallied to one tick above the high of the prior
bar. Most individual traders would either do nothing, buy on a stop at one tick above
the high of the prior bar, or sell on a limit order at the high of the prior bar. If the
breakout is successful and the market runs far enough up for bulls to make their
proﬁts, then they made the right decision. However, if the move above the prior bar
was just a buy vacuum, the market will soon turn down, and the bears will make a
proﬁt. If the trend is down, then many bears will wait for rallies to sell, and a favorite
setup is a rally above anything, like a bear trend line, a prior swing high, or even
simply the high of the prior bar. If there are enough strong bears waiting to short
until the market moves above something, then this buy vacuum could easily lead to
a one- or two-tick breakout above the high of the prior bar. Instead of the market
ﬁnding a lot of strong bulls up there, it will ﬁnd lots of strong bears who were wait-
ing for the market to get just a little higher, like above the prior bar, before shorting.
The opposite is true for the bulls in an uptrend. They want to buy pullbacks,
and if enough strong bulls believe that the bears will be able to push the market
below the low of the current bar, why should they buy before that happens when
they can soon buy lower? They simply step aside, place a limit order to buy at the
low of the prior bar, and wait for the bears to push the market below the low of the
current bar. That sell vacuum sucks the price down into their buy zone, and they
buy aggressively, trapping the bears who will soon have to buy back their shorts
(adding fuel to the rally), and the market quickly reverses up.
Most of the time, the probability for either buying on the stop above the prior
bar or shorting on a limit order at the high of the prior bar is about 50 percent,
but it is often 60 percent or more in favor of the stop or the limit order. With ex-
perience, traders can spot these 60 percent situations and place their orders in the
direction that has the edge. Since most breakout attempts fail, successful limit or-
der entries tend to be more reliable, but they are much harder to take because you
are betting that a move will fail and reverse in your direction before hitting your
protective stop. Until traders have a lot of experience, it is very stressful to wait for
the market to reverse and go their way. Just as blindly entering on every stop signal
is a losing strategy, blindly fading every one of those signals with a limit order in
the opposite direction is also a losing strategy. On any given day, there might be
about 10 reasonable stop entry setups and 20 or more limit order setups, although
many are not obvious to inexperienced traders. Because there are so many reliable
limit order setups, it is important for traders to be able to evaluate them.
When you are trying to enter on a limit order, you are trying to get in at a better
price than the current price. For example, if you are looking to buy on a limit order,

ENTERING ON LIMITS
501
your order is below the current price and you need the price to fall for your order
to get ﬁlled. Entering on stops is a safer approach in general because the market is
moving in your direction as you enter, and the odds of follow-through are greater.
For beginners, this is the best approach. However, there are many situations in
which you can enter on a limit order instead of a stop. In fact, as mentioned, there
are usually about twice as many limit order setups as there are stop entry setups,
but they are riskier and usually harder to take because they are counter to at least
the short-term trend. For example, if you just bought a second-entry setup in a
pullback following a breakout above a bear trend line and a strong bull reversal
bar, and the market tests the exact low of the entry bar a couple of times over the
next one or two bars, consider placing a limit buy order to double your position at
one tick above the low of the entry bar and risk just two ticks (to the original stop,
just below the entry bar). You would likely not get ﬁlled if you tried to buy the low
of the entry bar on a limit order, since the market usually has to trade through the
limit price for the order to get ﬁlled. Everyone knows that there are many protective
stops just one tick below that entry bar low—why isn’t the smart money gunning for
it? It is because if those stops are hit, the character of the market will have changed.
Instead of being a strong second entry, the chart now has a failed second entry, and
that is a with-trend setup and will likely result in two further legs down. If the smart
money traders had loaded up on the bottom, they would not want to see the market
drop for another two legs, so they will do exactly as you did: they will continue to
accumulate longs to defend the bottom. Eventually, sellers will give up and start to
cover, and as they do, the market will rise well beyond the scalper’s target.
Entering on a limit order is trading countertrend to at least the short-term trend
and, in general, can create needless anxiety that can interfere with your ability to
trade later in the day. A strong spike alone is not a reason to begin to look to enter
on a pullback using a limit order. For example, if there is a strong bull spike in the
Emini to the top of a trading range or a possible buy climax at the end of a bull trend,
traders might see it as a sign of strength and place limit orders to scale into longs
at maybe one to four points lower. However, they need to consider the possibility
that the bull spike was an exhaustive buy climax. When there is any doubt, a trader
should not be buying on limit orders as the market is falling, because the sell-off
might last for at least 10 bars and two legs, and it could be the start of a reversal
down. A strong bull spike alone is not enough of a reason to buy a pullback on a
limit order; traders need to consider the context of the bull spike. The opposite is
true of bear spikes.
Furthermore, if the market rallied for a couple of hours but has now sold off
for an hour with no sign of a bottom and you place a limit order to buy a Fibonacci
62 percent pullback or at a Bollinger, Keltner, or any other type of band, the market
will be falling when you enter your long and you will therefore be trading against the
current trend, hoping that the earlier trend will return. The market often bounces
in the area of a 62 percent pullback, but not often enough or far enough to make

502
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
it worthwhile compared to entering on a stop. If the market reverses up around
that 62 percent retracement, just wait for the bar to close and look to see if it has
a bullish close. If so, place an order to buy at one tick above its high. Then the
market will be moving in your direction when you enter and the bulls will have
demonstrated strength both by the bullish close and by their ability to push the
market above the high of the prior bar. And you still have the 62 percent pullback
in your favor. If the trade is good, it is now much more likely to be successful. Yes,
you might miss a couple of ticks by waiting for the entry on a stop, but you will be
avoiding far more losers and a lot of needless stress.
There are a few instances when entering on a limit order results in a winning
percentage comparable to a good stop order entry. If for some reason you missed
entering what appeared to be a great trade on a stop and within seconds you are
able to place a limit order at the stop price or a tick or two worse, this can be
effective. However, use it only for very strong trades because, in general, you do not
want to be in a trade that let you in at a great price once you have already missed
the original entry. Great trades rarely come back to bail out less astute traders.
In a strong bull trend, you cannot be looking to short a low 1 or a low 2, espe-
cially when the signal bar is weak. When there is a pause bar or a weak bear bar,
many traders will step aside and wait until the market trades below that bar to buy.
This creates a mini sell vacuum. Buying at or below the low of that bar is often a
good trade with the expectation of a high 1 or high 2 trigger several ticks higher.
Other traders will buy at ﬁxed intervals below the high of the spike, like one or two
points down, and this often coincides with the low of those low 1 and low 2 signal
bars. Remember, in a strong bull trend, low 1 and low 2 signals do not exist and are
only traps. Tops in strong bull trends become bull ﬂags in about 80 percent of the
cases. The opposite is true in strong bear trends, where shorting at or above the
highs of high 1 and high 2 signal bars is often a good strategy.
If you are taking a reversal entry, especially in a trading range, there are fre-
quently pullbacks along the way, often within a bar or two of entering. If you are
conﬁdent in your reading of the price action, you can fade those pullbacks. These
are usually low or high 1 or 2 setups that you believe will fail. For example, if there
is a wedge bottom on a trading range day and you buy the reversal up, you can ex-
pect the low of the wedge to hold. You believe that the trend is now up, so you want
to buy pullbacks. A pullback can be as small as a single bar. Since there will prob-
ably be two legs up, the ﬁrst leg down should not go far. That low 1 short should
fail and become a pullback in the new bull leg because the trend for the next 10 or
more bars has reversed to up. The only time that a low 1 short is reliable is in the
spike phase of a strong bear trend, and never after a reversal pattern. That low 1
short entry will likely fail to fall below the low of the wedge and will instead form a
small higher low in the two-legged correction up. Because of that, you can place a
limit order to buy at the low or one to three ticks below the low of that short signal

ENTERING ON LIMITS
503
bar, expecting a small higher low to form instead of a proﬁtable low 1 short. You
usually can risk as few as four ticks in the Emini.
As the reversal up continues, you might think that a low 2 short setup could
form. However, since you believe that the trend has reversed into a bull trend, you
expect that low 2 to fail as well and be followed by higher prices. You are still in the
buy pullbacks mode, and that can include a small pullback, like a low 2. Here again
you can place a limit order to buy at or below the low of the low 2 signal bar and
risk about four ticks in the Emini. You are expecting this bear ﬂag to fail to break
out more than a few ticks, and instead to continue to work up into a bull channel.
This is a type of ﬁnal ﬂag because it is the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear trend. The bears
thought of it as a bear ﬂag, but when they are not able to break it below the bear
signal bar by more than a tick or two, the ﬂag will continue to grow up and to the
right until traders realize that it has become a bull channel. At some point, when
enough traders realize what is happening, the bears will cover and there will usually
be an upside breakout and then a measured move up. Once the bears believe that
either the market has reached the top of a trading range or the bull trend is in the
process of reversing down, they will look for high 1 and high 2 signal bars and place
limit orders to short at or just above the highs of those bars. They are looking to
sell rallies, even very small ones like a high 1 or a high 2. Bulls will look to buy low
1 and low 2 entries at the bottom of a trading range, and at the bottom of a bear
trend when they feel that the market is in the process of reversing into a bull swing.
As discussed in the chapter on trend reversals in the third book, most tops are
some form of double top and involve a failed high 1, high 2, or triangle breakout,
and that high 1, high 2, or triangle then becomes the ﬁnal bull ﬂag in the rally. When
the leg up and top are small, the double top is a micro double top. When traders are
anticipating a reversal, they will place sell limit orders at and above the signal bar
for the bull ﬂag, expecting it to fail. A bottom usually comes from a failed low 1,
low 2, or triangle breakout, creating the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear leg. When the double
bottom forms over only a few bars, it is a micro double bottom. Traders expecting
the ﬂag to fail and lead to a reversal up will place limit orders to buy at and below
the low of the sell signal bar.
Going back to that wedge bottom, if it ends with a large bull reversal bar and
then there is a second strong bull trend bar with small tails, the odds of a two-legged
rally are good. If the next bar is a small bull bar or a doji bar, then this is a weak
setup for a low 1 short in any circumstance, and after a possible wedge bottom, it is
especially likely to not lead to a proﬁtable short. At a minimum, bears should wait
for at least a low 2, but if the trend has reversed, that will also likely fail. Smart
bulls will see the weak low 1 setup and expect it to fail to yield a scalper’s proﬁt for
the shorts; they will place a limit order to buy at the low of the bar or maybe a few
ticks lower, and risk maybe six ticks in the Emini. Traders do this in all markets
all the time, and the locations of the limit order and protective stop depend on the

504
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
market. For example, suppose the average daily range in Google (GOOG) has been
$10 lately; if there is a reversal up from a bear wedge on the 5 minute chart and
those ﬁrst few bars extend $3 off the low, a trader might place a limit order to buy
about 50 percent down at maybe $1.50 below the top of the ﬁrst leg and maybe
50 cents or even a dollar below the low 1 signal bar, and then risk another $1.50 or
$2.00, or to below the low of the wedge.
Entering on limit orders can also be effective in some barbwire patterns and
in small trading ranges, where the bars are large and mostly overlapping and the
pattern is largely horizontal. This is risky and requires quick decision making, and
only the best and most experienced traders should attempt it.
Traders routinely fade all types of channels with limit and market orders, short-
ing at the top and reversing to long at the bottom. The safest channel is a trad-
ing range with clearly deﬁned support and resistance that has been tested several
times. Since false breakouts are common, traders who fade a test of the extremes
by shorting at the resistance line above or buying at the support line below put their
protective stops far enough beyond the line to allow for a failed breakout before the
market reverses in their direction and tests the opposite side of the range. Traders
do this in trend channels as well. For example, if there is a bull trend channel, they
will short at the market or with a limit order when the market touches or gets close
to the trend channel line, and they will short above the most recent swing high in
the channel and scale in as the market goes higher. This is not a good strategy for
the ﬁnal couple of hours of the day because you will too often run out of time and
have to cover a large short position for a loss.
Bulls will buy at the market or with a limit order on a test of the trend line at the
bottom of the channel, and they will place a protective stop far enough below the
line to allow for a small overshoot of the line. They will also buy with a limit order
at or below the low of the prior bar. Since they are trading with the trend, they are
more likely to swing their positions up and add on at subsequent setups. In a bull
channel, you should not be looking for low 1, 2, 3, or 4 setups, because those are
setups only in bear trends and trading ranges. If you see one in a bull trend, since the
odds are that it will fail and hit the protective buy stop above, it makes more sense
to take the opposite trade. Instead of looking to short below the low of the prior
bar, place a limit order to buy at or below that bar. You will be buying where those
bears will be shorting, and since they will likely lose, you will likely win.
If there are broader swings within the channel, like in a trending channel or
stairs pattern, there is even stronger two-sided trading, so fading the top and bottom
of the channel are even more reliable trades. All channel fading is especially reliable
if a trader trades a small enough size to be able to scale in if the market goes further
against the initial entry. For example, if the market is in a bear channel, you can buy
on a limit order below each prior swing low and look to add on a little lower, using a
wide stop. If the market reaches your proﬁt target after the ﬁrst entry, you take your

ENTERING ON LIMITS
505
proﬁt. If instead the trend continues and your second limit order is also ﬁlled, you
can exit both positions at the entry price of your ﬁrst entry. You will then get out
of your ﬁrst entry at around breakeven and out of your second entry with a proﬁt.
There is one important caveat for traders who scale into countertrend trades, and
that is that you should exit or reverse to the with-trend direction on the second
move against you. This means that if you are scaling into shorts in a bull trend,
exit or even reverse to long on a high 2, especially if it is near the moving average.
Similarly, when scaling into longs in a bear trend and it sets up a low 2, especially
if it is near the moving average, exit or even reverse to short if the low 2 triggers.
A scalper in the Eminis usually needs a six-tick move beyond the signal bar
to scalp four ticks of proﬁt. This is because the entry stop is one tick beyond the
bar, and then you need four more ticks for your proﬁt, and your proﬁt target limit
order usually won’t get ﬁlled unless the market moves one tick beyond your order.
Sometimes your order will get ﬁlled without the market moving through it, but
when that happens, the market is usually strong and will likely move beyond that
price within a few minutes of your ﬁll. Similarly, to scalp 10 ticks in the QQQ, you
usually need a 12-tick move.
When a setup looks weak, it is best to not take it and to wait for another oppor-
tunity. If it is weak, it will likely fail, and you should not take needless risk. Often a
weak setup will have a second entry, in which case it becomes a strong setup.
Traders can also enter on limit orders on pullbacks to breakout areas if they
believe that the breakout was strong and they expect that test to be successful.
Breakout tests exist to see if traders will enter again where they entered earlier.
For example, if the 5 minute Emini reversed up with a strong bull reversal bar
after a ﬁnal ﬂag in a bear swing and the rally lasted for a couple of hours, it is
common for the market to test down to within a tick or two of the high of that
bull signal bar. Traders bought aggressively above that bar, and now the market is
testing back down to that price level. If the bull trend is strong, buyers will return
at that same price area and the bull swing will resume. Many institutions routinely
have limit and market orders at that level, and it provides an excellent risk/reward
ratio for traders. They might have to risk only four to six ticks and they might have
better than a 50 percent chance of making four or more points. For examples, see
Chapter 5 on failed breakouts, breakout pullbacks, and breakout tests.
Although most trades should be entered on stops, when there is a strong trend
it is safe to enter anytime, and entering at the moving average on a limit order
is particularly good in stocks, which tend to be well behaved. This allows for a
smaller risk and greater potential reward and essentially no change in the winning
percentage. In a bull trend, traders often risk to below the most recent higher low,
so buying a pullback means that their protective stop is smaller. Similarly, in a bear
trend, traders often put their protective stops above the most recent lower high and
short on pullbacks.

506
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 28.1
FIGURE 28.1
Limit Order Entries
The chart in Figure 28.1 shows several examples of good trades with limit order
entries. The move up to bar 3 was strong and the market was pausing just below
the moving average, which is a magnet. The market was close enough to be within
the magnetic pull of the moving average. Since bar 3 was a doji and therefore a
bad signal bar for a short after a strong up move, the market would likely not go
down far before it pushed up again to test the moving average. Aggressive bulls
could have bought at or just below bar 3 with a limit order for a test of the moving
average, maybe risking six ticks.
After the bar 5 test of the moving average, the market was likely to correct
sideways to down. Astute traders saw that the bulls were unable to create consec-
utive strong bull trend bars. This increased their willingness to go short. Bar 5 was
a bear bar test of the bottom of the moving average. Since it was after a second buy
climax (formed by the ﬁrst and third bars of the day, which were large bull trend
bars), two legs sideways to down were likely to follow. Therefore, shorting on a
limit order at the bar 6 high or one tick above was a good risk/reward trade. Some
bulls thought that a high 2 buy signal was likely so they placed limit orders to buy at
and below the low of bar 5. However, given the two-sided nature of the recent bars,
this was a risky strategy. Other traders saw the bear close on bar 5 and anticipated
a low 2 short signal at the moving average. Just after bar 5 closed, they shorted at
the market or on a limit order at the close of bar 5.

Figure 28.1
ENTERING ON LIMITS
507
As the market collapsed down from the moving average, traders shorted the
closes of the three large trend bars, and they shorted on small pullbacks as the bear
bars were forming. For example, many had limit orders to short one, two, or three
ticks above the most recent low.
The opening range from bar 1 to bar 5 was about half the size of an average
day’s range, so once the market broke below bar 1, some traders would have looked
at measured move targets for a possible low of the day. The bar 8 low was an exact
measured move down from the open of bar 1 to the high of bar 5. Traders knew
that the open of the day at this point was in the exact middle of the day’s range, and
that the market might try to test back up to the open before the close. This would
create a doji bar on the daily chart with both the open and the close in the middle
of the day. If the market could rally back up to the high, the day would become a
bull reversal day. Some bulls were willing to go long on a limit order at one tick
above the measured move target and then hold for a test of the open. The chance of
a successful test of the open of the day was probably 30 percent to 40 percent. They
could have used a protective stop of maybe a couple of points, and then they could
have waited to see what happened. Since the sell-off was losing momentum, the
odds were good that there would be enough proﬁt takers for the market to bounce
before their protective stops were hit. If the market fell below their entry price but
did not hit their stops, they could have exited at breakeven if they felt that their
premise was no longer valid. Once the market had the two-bar reversal up, they
could have moved their protective stops to breakeven and then they could have
waited patiently to see if the rally developed, which it did.
The bear spike down to bar 8 had seven consecutive bear trend bars. Traders
who saw this as a sign of strength might have placed limit orders to scale into shorts
at maybe one to four points higher. However, they needed to consider the possibil-
ity that the bear spike was an exhaustive sell climax. When there is any doubt, a
trader should not be selling on limit orders as the market is rallying, because the
rally might last for at least 10 bars and two legs, and it could be the start of a re-
versal up, especially under the current circumstances. A strong bear spike alone is
not enough of a reason to sell a rally on a limit order. Traders have to look at the
context of the bear spike.
The tight trading range at the low was a good example of how understanding
the mathematics of trading can lead to a great trade. The range was too tight to be
scalping with stop entries. You cannot buy above a bar or short below a bar and ex-
pect to consistently make proﬁtable scalps when the range is this tight. However,
there is a great opportunity for swing traders. The day was a trending trading range
day and if it broke above the tight trading range, it would have had about a 70 per-
cent chance of testing the bottom of the upper range at the bar 1 low. Once the
double bottom bull ﬂag was established by the move above bar 11, the bulls would
defend its low. Therefore, buying one tick above it on a limit order and risking one

508
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 28.1
or two ticks below it was a good risk/reward trade. Your limit order would have
been ﬁlled on bar 12, which retested the bars 10 and 11 double bottom to the tick.
You were risking about three ticks to make at least four points to the bar 1 low,
or even about 12 points if the market reversed up and tested the high of the upper
range, which it did. Since you were buying at the bottom of a tight trading range,
you had a 60 percent chance of a test of the top of the range. However, you needed
a successful upside breakout, and the chance of a breakout in either direction of a
tight trading range is 50–50. So at the time of your purchase, you had a 50 percent
chance of making four or more points while risking less than one point. This was
a great risk/reward trade, but only traders who understood the math would have
been able to see it that way.
Once the market started forming higher lows at bars 13 and 14, you could have
trailed your protective stop to one tick below the most recent higher low. After the
tests at bars 13 and 14 and then the breakout pullback at bar 16, the odds of at least
a four-point move went up from maybe 50 percent to 70 percent. At that point, you
had locked in a couple of ticks of proﬁt and had a 70 percent chance of making
at least four points, and maybe a 50 percent chance of the market going up to the
top of the upper trading range. After the ﬁve bull trend bars started a breakout at
bar 16, the market had at least a 60 percent chance of reaching a measured move
up because that is typical when there is a strong spike breakout. The measured
move would be based on the open of the bar after bar 16 to the close of the third
bar of the spike and adding that to the close of that third bar. The strongest bodies
of a spike often lead to a measured move. This meant that you had a 60 percent
chance of making about another ﬁve points. You would have put your protective
stop at the bottom of the spike, which would have protected about two points of
your open proﬁt.
Bar 17 was a bear reversal bar in a strong bull spike. Bulls expected that the
market would form a successful high 1 buy setup after a one- or two-bar pullback.
However, the high of that buy signal bar was likely to be higher than the low of the
bar 17 sell signal bar, so aggressive bulls bought at the low of bar 17. The bar after
bar 17 was a bull bar and the trend up was strong. If the bar after it was a bear
trend bar, and it was, it would set up a two-bar reversal short. Since the bull trend
was strong, aggressive bulls would have placed buy limit orders at the low of the
bull bar. They would have expected that if the bear bar traded below the low of the
bull bar, the two-bar reversal short would not fall below both bars of the two-bar
reversal top and trigger on bar 18.
Since the market was clearly always-in long on the rally to bar 17 and the bear
bar just before bar 18 was the second attempt to reverse down, many bulls thought
that the market would soon resume up. They doubted that there would be follow-
through, and as soon as bar 18 opened, they placed limit orders to buy at the close
of the prior bar (the bear trend bar).

Figure 28.2
ENTERING ON LIMITS
509
FIGURE 28.2
Limit Order Entries on Quiet Days
During quiet trading in late December, entering on limit orders is often the best
approach. In Figure 28.2, the sell-off down to bar 6 had signs of buying pressure,
like the bar 4 bull bar and the increasing size of the tails at the bottoms of the bars.
This was therefore not a strong bear spike and consequently the low 1 breakout to
bar 7 was likely to fail. Since bar 6 was also at the bottom of a two-day expanding
triangle and a poke below a two-week-long bull trend line, traders were looking for
a dueling lines buy setup. Aggressive bulls bought during bar 7 as it broke below
the iii pattern, and more conservative traders bought above its high.
Most traders saw the market as always-in long by the close of the bull breakout
bar before bar 8 and were therefore looking to buy pullbacks. Since the move up to
bar 8 was in a bull micro channel, they believed that the ﬁrst breakout below the
low of the prior bar would fail and become a bear trap, even though some traders
saw it as a low 2 short near the moving average. These bulls would have placed buy
limit orders to buy at and below the low of the prior bar, and they would have been
ﬁlled on the bar after bar 8.
Since the bar before bar 8 ﬂipped the market to always-in long, bulls wanted
the market to hold above the high of the bar before bar 8. Some placed buy limit
orders at one tick above the high of that bar, and they were ﬁlled on the doji bar
after bar 8. Some would have risked just two ticks. Others would have used a wider

510
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 28.2
protective stop, and some would have added on lower. Even though the probability
of success using a two-tick stop might have been only 30 to 40 percent, the potential
reward was for a measured move up from this measuring gap, or at least a six-tick
proﬁt. The realistic worst case was a six-tick proﬁt and a 30 percent chance of
success, which is a breakeven strategy, and the best case was maybe a 60 percent
chance of success and a 10- or 12-tick proﬁt. This is an excellent result. Since the
actual outcome was probably going to be somewhere in between and the math
was therefore still good, this was a reasonable buy setup. The average daily range
during this holiday trading was only about ﬁve to six points. Since the market has
only a few days a year with a range less than ﬁve points, today’s range should have
become at least that large.
The move from bar 7 to bar 8 was a bull micro channel. Since the ﬁrst breakout
below a bull micro channel usually fails, bulls kept placing limit orders to buy at
the low of the previous bar. They were ﬁlled on the bar after bar 8.
The micro channel continued up to bar 9, and the bulls were ﬁlled again on the
next bar as it fell below bar 9. Some would have risked four to eight ticks on their
longs, but others would have scaled in and bought more around four to six ticks
below their ﬁrst entry.
Although bar 11 was a possible ﬁnal ﬂag short and a higher high, most traders
assumed that the momentum up was strong enough so that a bear leg was unlikely.
Either the market would continue up or it would go down just a little, form a trading
range, and then go on to a new high. Because the odds favored higher prices, they
were willing to buy on limit orders at and below the low of the prior bar and were
ﬁlled below bars 11 and 12.
The two-bar bear spike down from bar 14 might have ﬂipped the market to
always-in short for some traders, but most would have wanted to see strong follow-
through selling on the next bar to conﬁrm the breakout to the downside. Once they
saw the doji close on the next bar instead of a strong bear close, they bought with
limit orders around that close.
The market was likely to test the bar 10 bottom of the bull channel that followed
the bar 7 to bar 9 bull spike. After that, a small trading range was likely as the market
decided on its next move. Bears were shorting on the move up from bar 15 with a
stop at one tick above the top of the bar 14 bear spike. Astute bears placed limit
orders to short at one tick below the bar 14 high, with protective stops two ticks
higher. They were ﬁlled on bar 17. Since their risk was only two ticks and they
were shorting in a trading range, the chance of success for an equidistant move
was at least 50 percent, and the chance of a four-tick move down before their two-
tick stop was hit was probably also more than 50 percent. Since this was a trading
range on a small day, these bears were in scalp mode and were happy to go for a
one-point, four-tick proﬁt. Their potential reward was twice the size of their risk
and the probability was at least 50 percent, so the trader’s equation was strong.

Figure 28.2
ENTERING ON LIMITS
511
By bar 21, traders saw this as a trading range day and they expected breakout
attempts to fail. Even though the strong bear spike after bar 22 was impressive,
without follow-through selling and a bear close on the next bar it was likely to
be a bear trap instead of a spike leading to a channel. Aggressive traders bought
its close and also went long on a limit order at its low. They also saw that bar
23 was a test of the open of the day and of the original long above bar 7. They
might have risked about four ticks for a swing trade up. Even if the probability was
only 30 to 40 percent, the potential reward might have been four or ﬁve times the
risk and therefore worth considering. More conservative traders bought above the
bar 23 bull reversal bar that conﬁrmed the failed bear breakout. They were buying
higher above the bottom, and therefore their potential reward was less and their
risk was more, but the greatly increased probability of success more than offset
those problems.
When traders saw the strong close of the entry bar after bar 23, they bought on
the close of the bar. Others waited until the next bar opened and then immediately
placed limit orders to buy the close of the prior bar. When this next bar also became
a strong bull trend bar, they repeated the process on bar 24.
The market was always-in long by the close of bar 24, so some bulls would
have tried to buy the ﬁrst bear close, which was on the next bar. However, the
market never traded below the close of that bear bar, so most of their limit orders
would probably not have been ﬁlled. This was a sign of urgency going into the
close, and alert bulls would have also placed stop orders to go long above that bear
bar because it was a breakout pullback buy setup. Many would not have been fast
enough and would have chased the market up during the next bar, buying one- or
two-tick pullbacks with limit orders as the bar was forming.
As the market was rallying up to bar 13, the trend was clearly up. Some traders
placed limit orders to buy a Fibonacci 62 percent pullback, or any pullback of
around 60 to 70 percent, with a stop below the bar 6 bull low. They were look-
ing to buy where the reward would be about two or more times greater than the
risk. Buying about two-thirds down for a test of the bull high was risking about
one-third, making their target twice as large as their risk, which is always good. At
the time they placed their orders, the trend was up, so buying a pullback had at
least a 60 percent probability of an equidistant move (a move up equal to the size
of their stop), and possibly a 60 percent chance of a new bull high (a reward twice
as large as their risk). Entering on pullbacks to reduce risk is an approach used by
many traders and has a strong trader’s equation.

512
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 28.3
FIGURE 28.3
Limit Order Setups
This 60 minute chart of the SPY presented in Figure 28.3 shows many examples
where institutions and traders almost certainly entered on limit or market orders.
Bar 3 was a climactic bottom of a bear channel, which was a bull ﬂag, and a possible
expanding triangle bottom. Bar 1 was the second push down, and the swing low
that preceded it was the ﬁrst. After the bar 3 low, traders were so conﬁdent that the
market was going higher on the leg down to bar 5 that they bought at the market
and limit orders above the bar 4 low. Whenever a double bottom bull ﬂag looks
like this, it is because the bulls are so afraid of missing the new trend that they
put their orders many ticks above the bar 4 low rather than at it or one tick above
it. This led to a spike up to bar 6 and then a channel to bar 8. A trader could also
have entered with a limit order in that area, risking about a point to below the bar 4
low and holding for a test of the tops of trading ranges in the channel at 105, 108,
and maybe even 110. Each of these was the start of a channel down after a bear
spike, and they were magnets. Traders were risking one point to make three to
seven points and the probability was at least 40 percent, which made this a logical
trade. Alternatively, they could have entered on a stop above the high of bar 5. This
increased the probability of success to about 60 percent because they were then
buying a conﬁrmed bottom of a trading range (a double bottom). Their risk was to

Figure 28.3
ENTERING ON LIMITS
513
below the signal bar, which was about one point, and their ﬁrst proﬁt target was
two points higher, again making for a sound strategy.
Bar 6 was the top of a strong bull spike and therefore the chance of any pull-
back being followed by a higher high was about 70 percent. Many traders therefore
bought below its low. Other traders bought one tick above the bar 7 high 1 on a
stop. When the market tested that price area again, they bought some at bar 9 but
were not able to lift the market much. However, when bar 10 dipped below the bar 7
low, the bulls bought aggressively on limit and market orders (and stop orders).
Bar 14 was a small breakout test of the breakout above bar 11, and many traders
bought there on limit orders, lifting the market.
The spike up to 13 was followed by the channel to 15 and then the test of the
bottom of the channel at 16, where the market created a double bottom bull ﬂag as
it often does in a spike and channel bull trend. Buyers again bought at the market
using limit orders at the same price as they did at bar 14, and this created a double
bottom bull ﬂag. Bar 16 dipped below the trend line from bar 5 to bar 10, and many
traders bought this test at the market and with limit orders. They then redrew the
trend line and bought again with limit and market orders when bar 18 tested it and
tested below it. The buyers aggressively returned at the same price where they had
bought on the breakout above bar 11 and the pullback to bar 14.
Bar 17 was a dueling lines short setup because the trend channel line across
the top of the wedge was in the area of the bar 2 high, and a major swing high
is always a resistance area. Traders repeatedly shorted below the resistance line
over the next several days, and the market ﬁnally broke below the small double top
formed by bars 17 and 19; this sell-off was also the start of the reversal down from
the wedge top and large double top (bars 2 and 19). The market formed a trading
range between bars 17 and 19, and traders repeatedly shorted tests of the top of the
range, many doing so with limit orders.
The bull spike and channel up to bar 8 was so strong that higher prices were
likely to follow. Although some traders buy at the market and on tiny pullbacks all
of the way up, many traders only buy on pullbacks, like in the area of the bar 9
and bar 10 test of the bar 7 bottom of the bull channel. They buy on limit orders
as the market is falling, as well as on stops above the high of the prior bar in areas
of support. Since the trend was up, unless the market fell below the most recent
higher low at bar 5, or below the bar 3 bottom of the swing, buying well below
the bar 8 high would allow traders to use a smaller stop, reducing their risk. The
trend is less certain after the sell-off to bars 9 or 10, reducing the probability of a
proﬁtable long swing, but the rally to bar 8 was stronger than the sell-off to bar 9,
so the odds still favored the rally. Once the market turned up sharply to bar 11, the
bulls raised their stops to below the bar 10 low. The sell-off to bar 12 was sharp,
but held above the stop.

514
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 28.4
FIGURE 28.4
Fading Tests of Lines with Limit Orders
Many traders fade tests of trend lines and trend channel lines, but most traders
make more money by entering on stops after the market reverses away from the
lines. The trade-off is a little less proﬁt for much more certainty, and this usually
makes for a stronger trader’s equation.
As shown in Figure 28.4, bar 6 was a test of the bear trend line in Freeport-
McMoRan (FCX), and some traders shorted on a limit order as the market tested the
line. This was a risky strategy in the three-bar tight trading range after the bar 5 sell
climax, which was likely to have a two-legged correction. The market was within
the magnetic pull of the moving average and was likely to test closer. A better strat-
egy would have been to short on a stop at one tick below the bar 7 low 2 at the
moving average.
Traders also shorted with limit orders on the test of the bear trend line from
bar 9 to bar 10. A better strategy would have been to short below a low 2 signal
bar, like the bar after bar 11, but that short never triggered. The market then had a
wedge bear ﬂag at the moving average at bar 13. Traders shorted with limit orders
at the moving average and at the trend channel line, but a better strategy would
have been to short below bar 13, or below a bear trend bar like the bar before or
the bar after bar 13. When traders saw the bar 11 higher low, they expected any
breakout above a swing high to fail. Some placed limit orders to short at one tick

Figure 28.4
ENTERING ON LIMITS
515
above bar 10. They also believed that there would be additional bears shorting at
one tick below the moving average and that very few bulls would buy the breakout
above the bar 10 swing high. Most attempts to reverse a bear trend fail and become
bear ﬂags. These aggressive bears shorted at the top of the bear ﬂag, trusting that
these high prices would not last long. Others entered as the market fell below the
bar 12 bull trend bar, expecting remaining longs to sell out at that point and provide
fuel for lower prices. These longs would have also been hesitant to buy again for at
least a couple of bars, giving the bears short-term control over the market.
Bar 14 was the ﬁrst bar of a three-bar bear spike, which created a bear micro
channel. Traders could have shorted during bar 15 as it went above the trend line.
Other traders shorted its close once they saw that it was going to be a weak bull
breakout bar. Once bar 15 closed, many traders immediately placed limit orders at,
just above, and just below its high. Since the next bar did not trade above bar 15,
those who tried to short at or above bar 15 did not get ﬁlled. They then chased
the market down, and many sold on a stop at one tick below the bar 15 low. This
was the best entry, because traders saw the bear micro channel and believed more
selling would follow, and they also saw that the market never went above bar 15.
This told them that the traders who tried to short there were trapped out and would
be eager to get short, and the next logical entry was on a stop below bar 15.

516
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 28.5
FIGURE 28.5
Trend Channel Lines Trap Early Bulls into Losses in a Strong Bear Trend
Buying at trend channel lines in a bear market, hoping for a wedge bottom, is a
losing strategy. Whenever you ﬁnd yourself repeatedly drawing trend channel lines
as the market is falling, you are usually totally missing a strong trend and looking
for trades in the wrong direction.
In Figure 28.5, bar 3 collapsed through the trend channel line drawn from bar
1 to bar 2, and traders who bought as the market fell to the line immediately found
themselves trapped. Buying when the market is strongly always-in short is a losing
strategy. Traders should look only for short trades and try to swing part of the
position. A trader who bought as the market tested other trend channel lines at bars
6, 8, and 9 also likely lost money. Although a trader might have made money buying
as bar 10 fell to the trend channel line, the risk was great and the probability and
potential reward were small, so that was a bad strategy. However, buying above the
strong bull inside bar that followed the large bar 10 sell climax was an acceptable
long for a scalp up to around the moving average.
This was followed by a wedge bear ﬂag short near the moving average at bar 12.
Bar 12 was the second entry, and because it was a bear reversal bar close to the
moving average, this was an especially reliable short setup in a strong bear trend.

C H A P T E R 2 9
Protective and
Trailing Stops
S
ince most trades are only 60 percent certain at best, you always have to have
a plan for that other 40 percent of the time when the trade does not do what
you expect. You should not ignore that 40 percent any more than you should
dismiss someone 30 yards away who is shooting at you but who has only a 40 per-
cent chance of hitting you. Forty percent is very real and dangerous, so always
respect the traders who believe the opposite of you. The most important part of
your plan is to have a protective stop in the market in case the market goes against
you. It is better to have the stop working, because many traders who use mental
stops ﬁnd too many reasons to ignore them when they are needed most, and they
invariably allow their small loss to grow and grow. There are several approaches to
placing stops, and any of them is ﬁne. The most important consideration is that you
have the stop order working in the market instead of just in your head.
The two main types of protective stops are money management stops, where
you risk a certain number of ticks or dollars, and price action stops, where you
get out if the market moves beyond a certain price bar or price level. Many traders
use both or either, depending on the situation. For example, a trader who uses a
two-point stop in the Emini for most of his trades might use a three-point stop if
the bars are large. A price action trader who just went long might initially place
a protective sell stop at one tick below the low of the signal bar. However, if the
bar is unusually large, like six points tall, she might instead either trade far fewer
contracts or switch to a money management stop of about three points. In general,
using one method most or all of the time is best because then it is such a part of
your routine that you will always have a protective stop working as soon as you
enter any trade. This saves you from the distraction of having to think about what
517

518
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
type and size stop you should be using in different situations when your focus needs
to be on deciding whether to take the trade.
For most small scalps, traders do not want to see any pullbacks and will often
exit as soon as one appears. However, if they believe that the market has entered
a trend channel, they will usually allow small pullbacks. For example, if the day
is a trading range day and the market just had a spike up off the low of the range
and now might be forming a small bull channel that could test the top of the range,
the proﬁt goal of a trader who went long would be limited and therefore the trade
would be a scalp. Since the market is in a bull channel, it will likely have pullbacks,
which means that a bar might trade below the low of the prior bar by a few ticks,
but not below the most recent swing low in the channel. Since the trader suspected
that the market might enter a channel and he still went long, he has to be willing to
hold through those pullbacks and keep his protective stop below the most recent
swing low in the channel. Aggressive, experienced traders might even buy more on
a limit order at the low of the prior bar, since they know that channels typically
have one- or two-bar pullbacks yet continue to work higher.
If traders are buying for a swing, then they are expecting a bull trend. Since a
bull trend is a series of higher highs and higher lows, it is reasonable to move the
protective stop to below the most recent swing low after the market makes a new
swing high. This is called a trailing stop. If the market trades up for ﬁve or 10 bars,
pulls back to below the entry price, and trades up to a new swing high, traders will
not want the market to trade below the low of that pullback and will move their
protective stop to one tick below its low. Many traders would not want their stop
to be tested a second time and would simply move their stop to breakeven.
Once traders see the market break out into what they believe will be a trending
trading range day, they have to be ready to change their trading style as the market
begins to form the second trading range. For example, if there is a bull breakout
lasting a couple of bars followed by a one-bar pullback and then a weaker rally,
the low of that pullback bar will probably become the low of the upper trading
range. Since the market usually tests back into the breakout gap and often to the
top of the lower trading range, the odds are that it will fall below the low of that
pullback bar. Therefore, bulls should not trail their stops below that low, since they
will get stopped out. If they were thinking about placing protective stops there, it
makes more sense to exit on the close of a bull trend bar within the next several
bars, so that they would be taking proﬁts near the top of the developing trading
range rather than below the bottom. Once the market evolves into a trading range,
traders should no longer trade it as if it was still in a strong trend.
Some traders will allow pullbacks beyond the signal bar as long as they believe
that their premise for a swing trade is still valid. For example, if they bought a high 2
pullback in a bull trend and the signal bar is about two points tall, they might be
willing to hold on to their position even if the market falls below the low of the

PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
519
signal bar, thinking that it might evolve into a high 3, which is a wedge bull ﬂag
buy setup. Other traders would exit if the market fell below the signal bar and then
buy again if a strong high 3 buy signal sets up. Some might even buy a position
that is twice as large as their ﬁrst because they see the strong second signal as
more reliable. Many of these traders would have bought just a half-size position
on the high 2 buy signal if they thought that the signal did not look quite right.
They were allowing for the possibility of the high 2 failing and then evolving into a
wedge bull ﬂag, which might even look stronger. If this happened, they would then
feel comfortable trading their usual full size.
Other traders trade half size when they see questionable signals, exit if their
protective stop is hit, and then take the second signal with a full size if the signal is
strong. Traders who scale in as a trade goes against them obviously do not use the
signal bar extreme for their initial protective stop, and many look to scale in exactly
where other traders are taking losses on their protective stops. Some simply use a
wide stop. For example, when the average daily range in Eminis is less than about
15 points, a pullback in a trend is rarely more than seven points. Some traders will
consider that the trend is still in effect unless the market falls more than between
50 to 75 percent of the average daily range. As long as a pullback is within their tol-
erance, they will hold their position and assume that their premise is correct. If they
bought a pullback in a bull trend and their entry was three points below the high of
the day, then they might risk ﬁve points. Since they believe that the trend is still in
effect, they believe that they have a 60 percent or better chance of an equidistant
move. This means that they are at least 60 percent certain that the market will go up
at least ﬁve points before falling ﬁve points to their protective stop, which creates
a proﬁtable trader’s equation. If their initial buy signal in the bull pullback came at
ﬁve points below the high, then they might risk just three points, and they would
look to exit their long on a test of the high. Since the pullback was relatively large,
the trend might be a little weak, and this might make them take proﬁts on a test of
the trend high. They would try to get at least as much as they had to risk, but they
might be willing to get out just below the old high if they were concerned that the
market might be transitioning into a trading range or possibly even reversing into a
bear trend.
Once the market ﬁnally begins to enter a trading range, traders should look
to take at least partial proﬁts around the high of the range, rather than relying on
their trailing stops. This is because it is likely that the market will begin to have
pullbacks that fall below prior swing lows. As soon as traders believe that their
stops will likely get hit, it makes sense to exit before that happens, especially if
they have already met most of their proﬁt objectives.
The initial price action stop for most trades is one tick beyond the signal bar
until the entry bar closes, when it is tightened to one or two ticks beyond the entry
bar if the entry bar is strong. If the entry bar is a doji, then rely on your original

520
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
stop. Remember that a doji is a single-bar trading range, and if you just bought, you
don’t want to exit (sell) below a trading range in what you think is a bull trend (or if
you just shorted, you don’t want to buy above a trading range in a new bear trend).
In fact, experienced traders can consider adding on at a tick or two below a
small doji entry bar in a possible new bull trend (or above a doji entry bar in a new
bear trend), relying on the initial stop location for the stop on the added contracts.
They are buying below the low 1 short signal bar because they think that the market
is going up, not down. A low 1 is a short setup at the bottom of a strong bear spike
in a bear trend, or near the top of a trading range (in a trading range, it is better to
wait to short a low 2), not at the bottom of a trading range or at the bottom of a
new bull trend. Since a short down there is likely to fail, the two-point protective
buy stop is more likely to be hit than is a six-tick proﬁt-taking limit order placed
below the low 1 signal bar. This means that buying below the low 1 signal bar will
probably be followed by the market going up at least two points before falling six
ticks. Since traders think this is a new bull trend or at least a trading range, they
think that the market will go up at least three or four points, so this is a logical
long trade.
If it is a bar in the opposite direction, then you have to make a decision. For
example, say you just bought a pullback in a strong bull market and the signal bar
was a strong bull reversal bar at the end of a two-legged pullback to the moving
average. If the entry bar becomes a bear reversal bar, you should usually just keep
your protective stop below the signal bar. However, if you were buying a reversal
up in a strong bear trend, you should usually exit if the market falls below that bear
entry bar. In some cases, you should even reverse to short, if the context makes
sense. In general, you should not be buying in a strong bear trend if you believe
that a failed long would be a short setup. Very few traders are able to reverse in
such a situation, and if the bear trend is still strong enough so that shorting low 1
setups makes sense, then it is probably too strong to be looking for longs. Instead,
a bull should wait for a strong rally and then look to buy a higher low pullback.
Buying in a bear trend before there has been evidence that the bulls can control
the market is a losing strategy. Since most bull reversals become bear ﬂags, it is far
better not to buy and instead to look to short, unless the reversal setup is especially
strong (this is discussed in the chapter on trend reversals in the third book).
If the bars at the time of entry into any trade are too large, it is wiser to use a
money management stop, like eight ticks on the Emini 5 minute chart, or about a
70 percent pullback (a couple of ticks beyond the Fibonacci 62 percent pullback).
For example, in a long off a large bull signal bar, you would place the protective
stop about 30 percent of the distance up from the bottom of the signal bar to the
entry price. The size of the money management stop is in proportion to the size
of the bars. After the market reaches the ﬁrst proﬁt target and partial proﬁts are
secured, move the protective stop to about breakeven (the entry price, which is

PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
521
one tick from the signal bar’s extreme). The best trades will not hit a breakeven
stop and will rarely ever go more than four ticks beyond the entry on the 5 minute
Emini (for example, three ticks below the signal bar high after getting long).
If you are very conﬁdent in the reversal because of a large, strong reversal bar
and a conﬂuence of other factors, you can use a stop beyond that large signal bar
and allow a pullback after entry, as long as it does not hit your stop. You might even
allow a stop of a couple of points beyond your signal bar, but if you do, calculate
your risk and reduce your position size to keep your risk the same as on your other
trades. Also, if you are conﬁdent that a reversal is strong enough to make two legs
likely, and if the market comes back through your original entry by a few ticks after
you’ve scalped out part of your trade, you can hold through the pullback and rely
on your original stop, despite being in a drawdown of several ticks. Otherwise (for
example, in a new long) you will exit the swing portion at breakeven and then buy
again above the high of the bar that ran your stop, giving up a couple of points or
more of what you considered to be a very high-probability second leg.
If you are entering a quiet pullback that you believe is about to end and the bars
are small, you might consider using your usual money management stop, even if it
means that you are risking several ticks beyond your signal bar. For example, if the
day is a bear trend day with a low-momentum bull channel up to the moving average
that forms a low 4 short setup and the signal bar is a three-tick-tall doji bar, traders
who believe that the pullback is about to end might risk their usual eight ticks,
even though the stop would then be four ticks above the signal bar. Low 4 setups
often form in tight channels, and the entry is a breakout below the tight channel.
Tight channel breakouts usually have pullbacks, and sometimes they go beyond the
signal bar. Here, a higher high breakout pullback would not be surprising. As long
as the traders believe that their premise is still valid, they can allow the trade some
room. Alternatively, they could exit if the market goes above the entry or signal bar
and then sell again as the market turns down again; but if they are conﬁdent in their
analysis, they can rely on their original eight-tick stop and allow the higher high
pullback. In general, if you are in a losing trade, ask yourself if you would put the
trade on now if you were ﬂat. If the answer is no, then get out. If your premise is no
longer valid, then exit, even with a loss.
When you are concerned that the market might be volatile and have large bars,
you should trade only a fraction of your usual position size. Just cut your position
size in half or down to a quarter and place the order. If you are buying and are
conﬁdent that a low will hold, but a long trade would require a much greater money
management stop than you typically use, you can use the larger stop and then wait.
If the market hits your proﬁt target without much of a pullback, take your proﬁt.
However, if it only goes a tick or so beyond your entry, pulls back almost to your
stop, and then starts up again above your entry price, raise your proﬁt target. As
a general rule, the market will rally enough to equal the size of the stop that it

522
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
required you to have to stay in the trade. So if the market dipped 11 ticks below
your entry before reversing back up, a stop of only 12 ticks would have worked;
therefore the market will likely go about 12 ticks or more above your entry price.
It would be wise to place a limit order to exit with a proﬁt at a tick or two less
than this and, when it approaches the target, to move your stop to breakeven and
wait to see if your proﬁt target order gets ﬁlled. For example, suppose the pullback
was 11 ticks, your stop beyond the signal bar was not hit (maybe it was 12 or even
18 ticks), and now the market is again going in your direction; calculate the total
number of ticks that you would have had to risk to avoid being stopped out. At this
point, you would have had to risk 12 ticks (one beyond the pullback). Now increase
your proﬁt target to one or two ticks less than the risk, or 11 ticks. You also should
adjust your protective stop at this point to one tick beyond that pullback, so you
are now risking 12 ticks.
When a protective stop is hit before making a scalper’s proﬁt, you were trapped
into a bad trade, so reversing on the stop is occasionally a good strategy. This de-
pends on the context. For example, a failed low 2 short is a good reversal into a
long trade when you think that the market is reversing into a bull trend. However,
a stop run in a tight trading range is not a reversal. Take time to make sure that you
are reading the chart correctly before considering a trade in the opposite direction.
If you don’t have time to get right back in, wait for the next setup, which will always
come before too long.
After studying a market, you will see what a reasonable stop is. For the Emini 5
minute chart when the average daily range is 10 to 15 points, eight ticks works well
on most days. However, pay close attention to the maximum size stop required in
the ﬁrst hour, because this often becomes the best stop to use for the rest of the
day. If the stop is more than eight ticks, you will likely be able to increase the size of
your proﬁt target as well. However, this provides a modest advantage at best unless
the bars are exceptionally big.
There are a couple of common setups that usually require a large stop, which
means trading a smaller position. Both involve entering around the close of a strong
spike in a trend, but the two trades are in opposite directions. When there is a
strong spike at the beginning of a trend and there are several consecutive trend
bars, traders will enter in the direction of the trend as the bars are forming and
as they close. For example, if there is a strong bull breakout that has two large
bull trend bars, bulls will buy the close of the second bar and above its high. If it
is followed by a third, fourth, and ﬁfth consecutive bull trend bar, bulls will keep
buying as the bull spike grows. The theoretical stop for all of their entries is below
the bottom of the spike, which is far away. If traders used that for their stop, they
need to trade a very small position size to keep their risk within their comfort zone.
Realistically, most traders would consider scalping a larger position and using a
smaller stop when they enter late in the spike. This is because a pullback becomes

PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
523
more likely, and it would allow them to then put a swing position on at a lower
price and with a smaller stop, like below the signal bar.
The second situation when traders are entering during a large trend bar and
need a large stop is when they are entering countertrend. For example, if there is a
third consecutive sell climax without a signiﬁcant pullback, and that third one has
the largest bear trend bar of the day and closes near its low, aggressive bulls will
buy the close of the bar, expecting it to be at or near the low of the swing; they
will also expect a strong rally to follow. Reliable protective stop placement in this
situation is never certain, but as a rule, since traders expect the rally to go at least to
the high of the large bear trend bar and they are 60 percent certain of the trade, they
should risk about as many ticks as there are in the bear trend bar. This is discussed
more in the chapter on climaxes in book 3. If they are very experienced traders, this
can be a reliable trade. The volume is often huge in these situations, which means
that the institutions are buying heavily as well. The bears are taking proﬁts on their
shorts, and the bulls are aggressively buying. Both often wait for a large bear trend
bar into support as a sign of exhaustion, and then buy heavily. Because they were
expecting the bottom to form very soon, they stepped aside and stopped buying just
above support, and this creates a sell vacuum in the form of the large bear trend bar.
There are many other special situations when a trader might use an unusually
wide protective stop. I have a friend who looks for weak channels and scales in
against them, expecting a reversal. For example, if the market is in a bull channel
after a bull spike and the channel is not particularly strong, he places a limit order to
go short at the prior swing high in the channel, using about a quarter of his normal
position size, and adds on above the next two or three swing highs if the channel
continues. When the average daily range in the Emini is about 10 to 15 points, his
ﬁnal stop is about eight points from his ﬁrst entry and his target is a test of his
ﬁrst entry. Once the reversal is underway, if he thinks that it is strong, he will often
swing part of his position below his original entry.
Traders can use wide stops when they are fading breakouts in stairs patterns
or on trending trading range days. If the average range in the Emini is about 10 to
15 points and there is a breakout that runs about ﬁve points, a trader might fade
the breakout and risk about ﬁve points to make ﬁve points, expecting a test of the
breakout. In a typical situation, this trade has better than a 60 percent chance of
success and therefore has a positive trader’s equation.
Traders sometimes fade large trend bar breakouts of one-bar ﬁnal ﬂags at the
ends of big trends, expecting that the trend bar is an exhaustive climax (this is
discussed in the chapter on climactic reversals in book 3). For example, if there
is a bull trend that has gone on for 30 bars or so with only small pullbacks, and
then there is a large bull trend bar followed by a one- or two-bar pullback, bulls and
bears will sell the close of the next bar if it is also a large bull trend bar. The bulls
will sell to take proﬁts, and aggressive bears will sell to initiate shorts. The bears

524
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
will risk about the height of the bar (if the bar is 10 ticks tall, they will use about
a 10-tick stop), and their initial proﬁt target will be a test of the bottom of the bar.
The next target is a measured move down.
I have another friend who routinely uses a ﬁve-point stop when entering on
pullbacks in the Emini. He feels that he cannot consistently predict the end of a pull-
back and instead enters when he thinks that the trend is resuming. He just assumes
that he sometimes enters early and that the pullback might go a little further before
the trend resumes, and the wide stop allows him to stay in the trade. His proﬁt target
is a test of the trend’s extreme, which might be three to ﬁve points away. If the re-
sumption is strong, he will swing the trade, looking for ﬁve or more points. Although
there are many variations to this approach, the average risk is generally about the
size of the average reward, and since it is a with-trend strategy, the probability is at
least 60 percent. This means that the strategy has a positive trader’s equation.
Whenever traders use a wide stop, as soon as the market begins to turn in
their direction they are usually able to tighten the stop and greatly reduce their
risk. Once a swing trade reaches about halfway to the proﬁt target, many traders
will move their protective stop to break even. If the market moves strongly in their
direction, the probability of success increases, the potential reward can remain the
same or they might increase it, and the risk becomes smaller. This increases the
strength of the trader’s equation and is why many traders prefer to wait to enter
until the market is able to get to this point. If, however, the reversal is very weak,
although traders can tighten their stop and reduce their risk, their probability of
success will be less and they might also reduce their reward (tighten their proﬁt-
taking limit order). If the trader’s equation is weak enough, they might try to scalp
out with a small proﬁt and wait for another trade.
The goal is to make money, which requires a positive trader’s equation. If the
size of the bars requires a large stop, that is what you must use, but you also must
adjust your target to keep the trader’s equation positive. You should also reduce
your position size.
In a big market, there might be a hundred institutions actively trading, each
contributing about 1 percent of the total volume. Of the other 99 percent of the
volume, only 5 percent is from individual traders. Institutions are going to try to
take money from other institutions, which make up 94 percent of the market, not
the 5 percent of dollars traded by people at home. Institutions could care less about
us and are not out there running our stops, trying to devour the little guy. If your
stop gets hit, it has nothing to do with you. For example, if you were long and your
protective sell stop got hit, you should assume that it was because there was at
least one institution that also wanted to sell at that price. Only rarely will enough
small traders do the same thing to offer enough volume to attract an institution, so
it is better to assume that the market will only trade at any price if there is both an
institution willing to sell there and another willing to buy there.

Figure 29.1
PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
525
FIGURE 29.1
The Initial Stop Is Just beyond the Signal Bar
The initial stop is one tick beyond the signal bar in Figure 29.1. Once the entry bar
closes, move the stop to one tick beyond the entry bar if the bar is strong. If the risk
is too great, use a money management stop or risk about 60 percent of the height
of the signal bar.
If you shorted on bar 1 on the breakout below the bear inside bar, the initial
stop would have been above the signal bar. The bar 1 entry bar reversed up imme-
diately after entry but did not exceed the top of the signal bar, so this would have
eventually ended up as a proﬁtable short scalp. Once the entry bar closed, if it is a
bull or bear trend bar and not a doji bar, move the stop up to one tick above its high.
In this example, the signal and entry bars had the same high, so the stop would not
have to be tightened.
The bar before bar 3 was a bull reversal bar after three pushes down on the
open. Although buying the ﬁrst breakout of a tight bear channel is not usually a
good trade, reversals in the ﬁrst hour are usually reliable, especially when the prior

526
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 29.1
day had a strong close (look at the steep slope of the moving average going into
yesterday’s close). The bar 3 entry bar immediately sold off but did not fall below
the low of the signal bar, or below about 70 percent of its height (if you used a
money management stop, thinking that this signal bar was too big to use a price
action stop below its low). Once an entry bar closed, the protective stop should
have been moved up to one tick below its low. If the market fell below its low,
many traders would have gone short because this was a breakout pullback short
setup. However, since this was not a strong bear spike, it was not a reliable low 1
short. Alternatively, a trader could have kept the stop below the signal bar, but
when bottom picking in a strong bear trend, it is risky to hold a long if the market
falls below a strong bear trend bar that is a low 1 short signal bar.
Two bars later, there was a pullback bar, but it did not hit the stop. It tested
the entry bar low to the tick, creating a double bottom. Since this wedge bottom
was likely to have two legs up, it was reasonable for an experienced trader to hold
through the pullback that occurred two bars after entry and to rely on the stop
below the entry bar. Otherwise, you would have been stopped out for seven ticks
and then you would have bought above the high of the pullback bar to catch the
second leg; your entry price would have been three ticks worse, so overall you
would have been 10 ticks worse off.
The pullback to the moving average at bar 4 formed a double top with the bar 1
area, and it was a small wedge bear ﬂag. Other traders would have seen it as a
simple low 2 at the moving average. The initial protective stop for the short at the
bar 4 low 2 was not hit, despite a pullback bar two bars after entry. The stop was
above the signal bar, and you should not tighten to above the high of the most recent
bar until after the market had moved about four ticks in your direction or until the
market had a reasonably strong bear body. Give the trade time to work. Also, when
the entry bar is a doji, it is usually safe to allow a one- or two-tick pullback. A doji
bar is a one-bar trading range and it is risky to buy above a trading range, so don’t
buy back your short there. Rely on your original stop until the market has moved
at least several ticks in your direction.
The bar 5 long immediately sold off to test the signal bar low (this was evident
on the 1 minute chart, not shown) forming a micro double bottom and then a suc-
cessful long scalp. Rely on your stop and ignore the 1 minute chart. When taking a
5 minute entry, rely on a 5 minute stop, else you will lose too often and be stopped
out of a great many trades in your attempt to risk less per trade.
Bar 7 was a high 2 long after a strong bull spike. The market tested the stop
below the signal bar but missed by one tick, and then tested the tightened stop
below the entry bar, but neither stop was hit. The dojis prior to entry increased
the risk of the trade, but with six closes above the moving average after the surge
from a new low of the day, this was an acceptable long setup since you had to be
expecting a second leg up.

Figure 29.1
PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
527
The bar 8 ii pattern was a high 1 buy setup. However, it was not at the top of
a strong bull spike in a strong bull trend and therefore it was not a good trade. In
fact, it was at the top of a bull channel after the spike up from the low of the day;
it was around a measured move up, and it might have been forming a double top
with bar 4. Since most trading range breakout attempts fail, there was a 60 percent
chance that the market would trade down and only a 40 percent chance that the
breakout would be successful. It is impossible to know the probabilities with cer-
tainty, but 60–40 is a good rule of thumb when it comes to trading range breakout
attempts. Aggressive traders would have shorted with a limit order at the high of
the ii pattern, expecting it to be a bull trap. If a trader instead bought above the
bar 8 ii pattern, the protective stop was hit on the entry bar; this would have been
a good reversal, as are most failed ii patterns.
If you shorted the bar 11 swing high near the top of this trading range day, you
could have reversed either on the bar 12 reversal bar that tested the moving average
or on a buy stop at one tick above the entry bar that followed the bar 11 short.
The short from the bar 13 swing high, low 2 became a ﬁve-tick failure and a
failed low 2. You should have reversed to long on bar 14 at one tick above the entry
bar (the bar after the bar 13 signal bar) since there were trapped shorts, and you
should have expected at least two more legs up. If you did not buy there, you should
have bought on the bar after bar 14 because bar 14 was a two-bar reversal up and
a high 2 buy signal above the moving average in a possible bull trend. Whenever
traders are top picking and then see a high 2 buy signal at the moving average with
a bull signal bar, they should always exit the short and reverse to long. If they were
not short, they should go long. This was not a good short setup since this could
have been setting up a pullback from the breakout of a large wedge bull ﬂag. The
strong bull trend bar two bars earlier was the breakout, and the three pushes down
began with the bars around bar 7 (three bars before is a good choice), and then
bar 9 and the bar before bar 10. The move up to bar 8 broke above the bear channel
of the ﬁrst couple of hours, and bar 10 was a second entry into the higher low after
the break above the bear trend line. Some traders bought on bar 10 because they
saw this as a head and shoulders bottom. Other traders bought with a limit order
below the bar 13 low 2 since they saw this as a bull trend and not as a trading range,
and a low 2 in a bull trend is a buy setup. A low 2 is a short setup only in a trading
range or in a bear trend. When the market is in a bull phase, traders see a low 2 as
a bear trap and will buy below it for the reversal up. Some traders would instead
buy on a stop at one tick above the low 2 entry bar, waiting for conﬁrmation that it
would fail.
A trader who was swinging a long up from bar 12 would trail the stop to one
tick below the most recent swing low after the market moved to a new high. So
once the market rallied above the bar 13 swing high, the trader could move the
protective stop up to just below the bar 14 higher low.

528
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 29.2
FIGURE 29.2
Trailing Stops in a Strong Bull Trend
In a strong bull trend, traders often trail their protective stops to below the most
recent swing low just after the market makes a new swing high. Once the market
looks like it will enter a trading range, traders should take some proﬁts, and con-
sider scalping for smaller proﬁts.
Today, as shown in Figure 29.2, had a large gap up and a strong bull trend bar
for the ﬁrst bar of the day, and therefore had a good chance of becoming a bull trend
from the open day. If traders bought above bar 2 or bar 4, they could have started
to trail their protective stops as soon as bar 5 moved above the most recent swing
high at bar 3. The three-bar bull spike up to bar 5 convinced most traders that the
always-in direction was long and strong, so many traders wanted to let their proﬁts
run. Once bar 7 moved above bar 5, they could have tightened their protective stops
to one tick below bar 6, and when the market moved above bar 9, they could have
raised them to one tick below bar 10.
Traders know that trends usually have a larger pullback at some point, and
many traders will take partial or full proﬁts when they believe that a more complex
pullback is imminent. A measured move target can often give an idea of where in-
stitutions might take proﬁts, which means it is where a pullback could begin. Since
the initial strong bull spike began at bar 4 and ended around bar 8, a measured move
up from there would have been a level where proﬁt taking was likely. The move up

Figure 29.2
PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
529
from bar 10 to bar 19 also had three legs, and a three-legged move is a variant of a
wedge (even when it is in a steep channel like this) and can be followed by a larger
pullback. The initial target was the moving average. Bar 18 was a large bull trend
bar and was followed by another large bull trend bar, and this two-bar buy climax
followed a protracted trend. When this happens, the market often corrects for at
least 10 bars and two legs, especially when it is far from the moving average, as it
was here. When bar 19 became a bear reversal bar, many traders took proﬁts. Other
traders assumed that the ﬁrst pullback would be followed by at least one more new
high, and they held through the pullback. However, there was aggressive proﬁt tak-
ing on bar 30 when the market moved above bar 19 near the close of the day, so
many traders took proﬁts at the new high and as the market turned down.
Today was a very strong bull trend day and was likely to have a test of the
high after a pullback to the moving average. The bear channel down to bar 24 had
low momentum and small bars. A trader who bought above bar 24 might have con-
sidered relying on the usual eight-tick stop, in case the breakout above the bear
channel (all bear channels are bull ﬂags) was followed by a lower low breakout
pullback. The market broke strongly to the upside but immediately formed a big
two-bar bear reversal. This was not a reliable short setup in a strong bull trend that
was pulling back to the moving average. Experienced traders would have relied on
their stops, even though the stops were several ticks below the signal bar. The stops
would not have been hit and the traders could have then exited their longs near the
high of the day. Alternatively, a trader could have exited below the bar 25 two-bar
reversal and then bought again above the bar 26 micro channel breakout pullback.
A swing trader who bought during the strong bull trend at any point up to the
bar 19 buy climax ideally would have used a protective stop below the most recent
swing low, which means risking more than two points and using a wide stop. Once
the bar 19 buy climax formed, the market was likely to enter a trading range and
the trader would have switched to a trading range style of trading, which means
scalping instead of swinging. Since the market was entering a trading range, it was
likely to fall below prior swing lows and therefore it no longer made sense to keep
protective stops there. Once a stop is likely to get hit because a trading range is
forming, traders should exit their longs well before that happens. Astute traders
would have exited on strength at the top of the likely developing range, like below
bar 19. Aggressive traders would have begun to short at that point, looking for a
scalp to the moving average.
Most swing traders would have trailed their protective stops below the most
recent swing low. Instead of letting a swing trade run until the trend ends, some
traders prefer to use proﬁt targets. Those who do often move their protective stops
to no worse than breakeven once the market has reached halfway to their proﬁt
targets.

530
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 29.3
FIGURE 29.3
Reward Often Equals Risk
The market often rewards traders with as many ticks of proﬁt as it forces them to
risk. In general, it is risky to buy above large signal bars in a bear trend day, and the
trades described here based on the chart shown in Figure 29.3 are questionable at
best, but they illustrate a point.
If traders bought above bar 5, thinking that it was the second consecutive sell
climax and the bottom of a parabolic move and therefore likely to be followed by
a two-legged rally, their initial stops would have been below the bar 5 low. Bar 7
tested the low but did not hit the stops. However, once the market went above bar 7,
the traders would have moved their stops to one tick below the bar 7 low, which
was 16 ticks below the entry price. The market then rallied to exactly the bar 8 high,
which was 16 ticks above the entry price (and a test of the moving average, where
shorts came in). Traders who understood this tendency would have placed a proﬁt-
taking limit order at 15 ticks above their entry. Since they were buying at what they
thought would become the bottom of a small trading range, they believed that they
had at least a 60 percent chance of the market having an equidistant move up. This
was a barely acceptable trade.
The same thing happened again on a long above the bar 12 and bar 16 strong
bull trend bars. Once there was a pullback and then a move back up, traders saw

Figure 29.3
PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
531
how much the market forced them to risk, and they could put a proﬁt-taking limit
order at one tick less than that risk.
A trader who shorted at any point during the bear spike from bar 2 to bar 3, and
who planned to swing the trade, would have used a wide protective stop, possibly
above the top of the spike. Most traders would have risked less than that, but they
would also have risked two or three times as much as they would have on a scalp.
At bar 16, assume that a bull bought the reversal up from the third push down,
looking for a ﬁnal ﬂag trend reversal. Since the channel down from 13 was tight,
the probability of a successful long would have been higher if a trader waited to
see if the breakout was strong, and then bought the strong spike or the pullback
that followed. However, for the sake of illustration, assume that the trader simply
bought above bar 16. He might have assumed that he had a 50 percent chance of the
market breaking above the bar 13 high and reaching a measured move up, making
his reward much greater than his risk, which was to below the bar 16 buy signal
bar. However, he might have been concerned by the lack of urgency by the bulls on
the move up to the bar 17 doji, and decided that his premise had changed. He might
have become convinced that the market was simply making another lower low in
a bear channel instead of a trend reversal, and then simply scalped out of his long.
If he thought that the market was topping out, it would make no sense for him to
continue to hold his long. If he thought that it might have a second leg up but not
hit a breakeven stop, he might have moved his protective stop to breakeven. If he
thought that the market might fall below his entry price but stay above the signal
bar low and form a higher low, he could have kept his original stop, or he cold have
exited and bought the breakout pullback to the higher low. Traders make these
decisions constantly, and the better they get at making them, the better able they
are to make money. If they always hold on to their original premise, even when
the market is not doing what they expected, they will have a difﬁcult time making
money trading. Their job is to follow the market, and if it is not going where they
believe it should, they should exit and look for another trade.
Swing traders allow pullbacks and patiently wait to tighten their stops until the
trend is well underway. A swing trader who shorted below bar 20, expecting it to
be a test of the top of the trading range that would lead to a resumption of the bear
trend from the open, might have been looking for a reward that was at least twice as
large as his risk. Once he saw the strong bear entry bar, he might have tightened his
stop to above its high, or he might have left it above the bar 20 signal bar high until
after it turned down from the bar 24 double top. The signal bar was three points (12
ticks) tall so his initial risk was 14 ticks. If his proﬁt target was twice as large as his
risk, he was looking to take proﬁts at 28 ticks below his entry, or at 1,305.25, and
his proﬁt-taking limit order would have been ﬁlled two bars before bar 27. Bar 24
went one tick above the strong bear trend bar before bar 23, trapping out impatient
weak shorts, but it did not get above the entry bar or the signal bar.

532
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 29.4
FIGURE 29.4
The Stop Size Is Often Set by the First Trade of the Day
The market rallied to above yesterday’s high and then turned down, as shown
in Figure 29.4. Traders who shorted below bar 1 would have placed an initial
protective stop above bar 1. After the market turned down on bar 2, they could
have calculated that the market went eight ticks against them before it went their
way. That meant that the minimum initial protective stop that they would have had
to use to stay in the trade was nine ticks, and they would have remembered that
for the rest of the day.
If you bought the failed low 2 at bar 3 and placed the initial stop at one tick
below the signal bar’s low, you would have risked eight ticks. One-tick stop runs
are common and you would have known that a nine-tick stop was needed earlier in
the day, so it would have been wise to risk the extra tick. This was not a great buy
because it followed a tiny breakout and the last seven bars were largely sideways.
A second entry would have been better. Bar 4 was a high 2 buy setup, and the bull
inside bar two bars later was a breakout pullback buy setup (the inside bar was the
pullback from the high 2 long breakout); both of those were stronger setups.

Figure 29.4
PROTECTIVE AND TRAILING STOPS
533
Once the bars become smaller, you can adjust the size of your stop to one
that is appropriate for the current market conditions. However, the market often
later in the day will have a trade that would require a larger stop. Don’t worry if
your stop gets hit and you take a loss. It is usually easier than constantly adjusting
your stops, targets, and position sizes all day, and end up missing trades or making
mistakes.

534
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 29.5
FIGURE 29.5
Don’t Tighten Stops Too Soon
Don’t tighten your protective stop after small doji bars that form within a few bars
of entry. They are one-bar trading ranges, and it is common for the market to re-
verse beyond them for a tick or two. You do not want to get stopped out of a trade
when your premise is still intact.
If traders shorted below bar 2 and saw the doji close of their entry bar, they
should keep their protective stop above the signal bar high until the market makes
a strong move in their direction. They could have scalped out part on the bar 3
plunge, and if they thought that the moving average was steep and there was a risk
of a rally, they could then tighten it to breakeven or to one bar above bar 3. If they
did, they would have been stopped out on bar 4, but it was still a sensible decision.
However, on a large gap up day when there is a pullback that is close to the moving
average, there is often a second leg down that tests closer; this often sets up the
low of the day, as it did here at bar 5.
If traders bought above the bar 5 moving average gap bar and high 2 and wedge
bull ﬂag test, they could have moved their protective stop to breakeven on the swing
portion of their trade once the entry bar closed and was clearly a strong bull trend
bar. They would not have exited below the low of the bar 6 doji.
If they bought above the bar 16 bull reversal bar, thinking of it as a high 2 long
or as a wedge bull ﬂag (where either bar 8 or bar 10 formed the ﬁrst push down),
they would not tighten their stop after the entry bar became a doji. However, once
bar 18 became a strong bull trend bar, they should move their stop to below its low.

C H A P T E R 3 0
Proﬁt Taking and
Proﬁt Targets
A
ll pullbacks and reversals begin with proﬁt taking. Experienced traders look
to exit on strength, and then look to reenter on a pullback. For example, if
a bull trend is just beginning and is especially strong, bulls will buy more as
the market breaks above the most recent swing high. However, as the trend ma-
tures and develops more two-sided trading, they will no longer buy on a stop above
the most recent swing high. Instead, as the rally weakens, they will look to take
some proﬁts above that high, or even a little below. If most bulls are taking prof-
its around the previous high and not buying more on the breakout, the market will
begin to have a pullback. This means that the bulls would rather buy at a lower
price and they believe that there will be a pullback that will allow them to do this,
so they are no longer willing to chase the market up, buying above prior highs.
If the proﬁt taking is very heavy and if there is aggressive, relentless shorting as
well, the pullback will grow into a large correction (a trading range) or even a re-
versal. Bulls will also look to take proﬁts on any sign of strength, like at the close
and just above a large bull trend bar, or at the close of the next bar or two, especially
if it is a small bar or has a bear close. They will take more proﬁts below the low of
the next bar. This is why so many large trend bars, which are breakout attempts,
are followed by small bars and pullbacks, which means that the breakouts failed.
Traders will also have a stop order below the low of the prior bar, below the most
recent higher low, or at breakeven. This is because if the market reverses strongly
before reaching their target, they might come to believe that they will be able to
exit and then buy again at a better price. Bears initiating shorts see the same thing,
and usually begin looking for scalps by selling at new highs or around the closes of
strong bull trend bars. As the pullbacks get deeper, they will begin to swing parts of
their positions. Initially, they usually get stopped out of the swing portions of their
535

536
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
trades, but eventually they will get large swing proﬁts as the corrections get deeper,
or when the trend ﬁnally reverses.
Traders behave similarly in bear trends. Bears will short below swing lows
when the trend is strong, but as it weakens, they will instead buy back their shorts
around and below the most recent swing low, and look to short again higher. A bull
scalper will buy new lows and scalp out on a small rally, around where the bears
are shorting again. Both the bulls and the bears wait for a relatively large bear trend
bar that breaks to a new low, at which point both will buy around its close. As the
bear rallies get stronger, the bulls will be more willing to swing some of their posi-
tions. At some point, the market will transition into a large bull swing or trend, and
the process will begin in the opposite direction. Understanding trend bars that cre-
ate breakouts is one of the most important skills that a trader can acquire. Traders
need to be able to assess whether a breakout is likely to succeed, whether it will be
met with proﬁt taking and a pullback, or whether it will be followed by a reversal.
Each of these is discussed in detail elsewhere in the three books.
When you enter a trade, your goal is to have the market reach your proﬁt target
before it hits your protective stop. Unlike protective stops, which should always
be working in the market whenever you are holding a position, proﬁt targets can
be either in the market or in your head. For example, if you are swing trading in a
strong trend, you might take proﬁts on some of your position along the way (this
is scaling out of your trade) and you might choose to hold on to some of your
position until there is a signal in the opposite position. Once that opposite signal
triggers, you should exit. Very few traders have the ability to reverse a position by
simultaneously exiting a proﬁtable swing position and entering a new trade in the
opposite direction.
Scalpers often have order cancels order or one cancels the other (OCO) orders
working as soon as they enter. For example, they might buy AAPL for a 100 cent
scalp and risk 50 cents when they buy a pullback where they are 60 percent or
more certain that the trade will be successful. As soon as they enter, their initial or-
der might automatically generate both a protective sell stop order at 50 cents below
their entry price and a sell limit order at 100 cents above their entry price. Since this
bracket order is OCO, as soon as one of the pair is ﬁlled, the other is automatically
canceled. No matter how you manage your orders, you should check your account
after every entry and exit to make sure that your current position and orders are
what you think they should be. You don’t want to be ﬂat (have no position) and still
have a buy limit order working when you thought that it should have been automat-
ically canceled. Never assume that your broker’s software will work as expected
100 percent of the time, or that you placed your trades and orders correctly. There
is an inescapable failure rate with everything, and you should always conﬁrm what
you expect has been done after you believe it should have been done.
All trades should be made on the basis of the trader’s equation, and beginning
traders should look for trades where the probability of success is 60 percent or

PROFIT TAKING AND PROFIT TARGETS
537
higher, and the reward is at least as large and preferably about twice the size of the
risk, although a setup with that strong a trader’s equation happens only a couple
of times on an average day. For example, if the average daily range in the Euro FX
Currency Futures or the foreign exchange (forex) equivalent, the EUR/USD, has
lately been about 100 ticks (often referred to as pips), and there have been several
20-tick moves every day where a 10-tick protective stop would not have been hit,
a trader might look to enter trends on pullbacks to the moving average, so that
the probability of a winning trade is likely 60 percent or greater. The trader who
carefully selects a setup has about a 60 percent chance of making 20 ticks while
risking about 10 ticks, and this has an excellent trader’s equation. In 10-Year U.S.
Treasury Note Futures, if the average daily range has been about 32 ticks (16/32 of a
point) and many signal bars have been four ticks tall, a trader could again look to
enter on pullbacks to the moving average, risking about six ticks and using a proﬁt
target of eight ticks. This again has a strong trader’s equation.
Trade management is different for scalps than it is for swings. A trader who
is taking a scalp believes that the proﬁt potential is limited either because there
is no trend or because he is trading against the trend. Scalping in a trading range
can be a proﬁtable strategy, but only the most experienced traders should consider
trading against the trend. The chances of making money are far greater if a trader
can patiently wait for a pullback and enter in the direction of the trend, rather than
hoping that a countertrend trade will be successful. Once you believe there is a
trend, you must accept that 80 percent of reversal attempts will fail and evolve into
ﬂags. This makes it almost impossible for most traders to enter countertrend trades
on stops and consistently make a proﬁt. For example, if you think that a small bear
reversal bar at the top of a strong bull trend will be followed by a pullback to the
moving average, and you short on a stop at one tick below the low of the bar, you
must realize that very smart bulls have limit orders to buy at the low of that bar,
and the odds are on their side. If you are trading the Emini, you need the market
to fall ten ticks below the low of that bar for you to make an eight-tick proﬁt on
your short, but most pullbacks in a strong bull trend will turn into high 1 or high
2 buy setups before that happens, and you will lose money. If you see that there is
a strong trend and you want to buy a pullback, do not fool yourself into believing
that you have enough talent to be able to proﬁtably trade a short scalp as you wait
for the buy setup to form. Invariably, you will lose money on the short scalp and
not take the buy setup when it forms. You will be hoping for more down and be in
denial that the pullback is about to end, and you will miss the long that might be
good for several points of proﬁt.
After the trend has turned into a trading range, then countertrend trading is
really not countertrend, because the trend has temporarily ended. However, many
traders try to pick the top of a bull trend or the bottom of a bear trend, believing
that the market is about to enter a trading range and thinking that their risk is small,
only to watch their accounts slowly melt away.

538
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Whenever traders enter any trade, they need a plan to take proﬁts, because oth-
erwise the market will eventually turn on them and their proﬁts will turn into losses.
Trade management depends entirely on the trader’s equation, and any combination
of risk, reward, and probability that results in a consistent proﬁt is an effective
strategy. As a general rule, most traders should restrict themselves to high-
probability trades where the risk is at least as great as the potential reward. Ideally,
traders should look for setups where the chance of success is at least 60 percent
and the potential reward is about twice the size of the risk, but usually they will
have to settle for a reward that is about the same size as their risk, or maybe a little
bigger. This most often happens in pullbacks in trends.
When swinging a trade in a strong trend, it is easy to take proﬁts too early
because it is so difﬁcult to believe that the trade might run ﬁve or more times more
than the size of your stop. However, when a trend is strong, that can be the case.
If you believe that the trend is strong, it is reasonable to take about half of your
position off after the market has gone your way for a distance equal to about twice
the size of your original protective stop. For example, if your initial stop in the
Emini was two points and you shorted in a strong bear trend near what you think
will be the start of a big swing down, exit half of your position on a limit order at
four points below your entry. At that point, trail your stop. You might take another
quarter off at three times your original stop size, at six points, then let the last
quarter run, and exit only if a strong buy signal develops or at the close of the
day, whichever comes ﬁrst. However, exiting the entire position at twice the risk
is a reasonable approach if you are uncomfortable scaling out of a trade. You can
always enter again on the next signal.
The trader’s equation of every trade changes with every tick. If the trader’s
equation is still favorable but not as strong as it was, experienced traders will often
either tighten their protective stops or exit with a smaller proﬁts. If the trader’s
equation becomes marginal, traders should look to exit as soon as possible, with
as big a proﬁt or small a loss as they can. If it becomes negative, they should exit
immediately at the market, even if that means taking a loss. One way to decide if
you should exit your trade is to imagine that you are not holding a position. Then
look at the market and decide if you think that it would be wise to enter at the
market and use that protective stop. If you would not, then the trader’s equation
for your current position is weak or negative and you should exit.
Remember, a proﬁt target is the ﬂip side of a protective stop and is there to
protect you from yourself. It forces you to take proﬁts at a time when the trader’s
equation is still positive, and prevents you from holding too long and then exiting
once the trade has come all of the way back to your entry price, or worse, once it
has turned into a loser. Just as it is better for most traders to always use a protective
stop that is actually in the market, it is also better to use a proﬁt-taking limit order
that is always in the market.

Figure 30.1
PROFIT TAKING AND PROFIT TARGETS
539
FIGURE 30.1
Pullbacks End at a Conﬂuence of Support Types
When there is a trend, entering on a pullback to the moving average is a reli-
able approach where the probability of success is usually at least 60 percent and
the potential reward is greater than the risk. In Figure 30.1, the strong four-bar
bull spike up from bar 6 was followed by a sharp pullback to the moving av-
erage, where the bull inside bar after bar 11 was a reasonable signal bar for a
long. Since the bar was four ticks tall, the initial risk was six ticks. Some traders
saw the setup as a high 2, and others saw it as a tight wedge, where the lows
of bars 8 and 10 were the ﬁrst two pushes down. Fibonacci traders saw it as a
62 percent retracement, and it was also a breakout test of the bar 4 high, miss-
ing the breakeven stops by a tick. Whenever a pullback ends, there is usually a
conﬂuence of mathematically logical reasons for the location of the bottom of
the pullback. Different ﬁrms will use different reasons, but when there are many
present, enough ﬁrms will buy in the area so that they overwhelm the bears and the
pullback ends.
The market was likely to ﬁnd resistance at the bar 9 high, which bears saw as
the start of the channel down following the spike down from bar 7 to the bar 8 low.

540
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 30.1
They were hoping for a double top bear ﬂag, and many waited to short until the
market tested the bar 9 high. This temporary loss of bears increased the chances
that the level would be reached. The bar 9 high was exactly 10 ticks above the signal
bar high, which is exactly how many ticks the bulls needed to be able to exit on a
limit order with eight ticks’ proﬁt (4/32 of a point). Everything in major markets is
mathematical because so much of the trading is done by computers and they have
to rely on math for their decision making.

Figure 30.2
PROFIT TAKING AND PROFIT TARGETS
541
FIGURE 30.2
Buying Pullbacks in a Bull Trend
Buying pullbacks in the Euro FX Currency Futures (or the forex equivalent, the
EUR/USD) is a reliable approach to trading. In the Euro, if traders carefully select
their setups, they can often have a proﬁt target that is about twice as large as their
stop. Notice in Figure 30.2 how the bar 9 triangle breakout raced up without hesi-
tation. The small bull inside bar was the buy signal and its high was just eight ticks
above the low of the ledge, so the risk was 10 ticks. Since the inside bar was a buy
signal, it was reasonable to buy as bar 9 went above it and became an outside bar.
A trader could have had a proﬁt-taking limit order located 20 ticks above the entry
price, and would have been ﬁlled near the top of bar 10 (at the small horizontal
black line).
The trader could then have bought the bar 14 double bottom (it was also a
high 2 with the bar 12 high 1, and a breakout pullback from the breakout above the
bar 12 small bull ﬂag) and exited with 20 ticks of proﬁt on bar 15, just above the
bar 13 high. The bar 14 signal bar was 14 ticks tall, so the initial risk was 16 ticks.
Since this was a pullback in a trend, the chance of success was assumed to be at
least 60 percent.
Bar 19 was a bull reversal bar and the ﬁrst pullback to the moving average in a
strong bull trend. The bar was eight ticks tall, so the risk was 10 ticks and a trader
could have exited just below the top of bar 20, which was exactly 22 ticks above

542
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 30.2
the signal bar high. Since the limit order was 21 ticks above the signal bar high, the
longs could have exited with their 20-tick proﬁt. The market was likely in a trading
range at this point, since bar 16 was a spike down (a doji top is a spike up and then
a spike down, both within the same bar), and the move down to bar 19 was in a
channel. The market was likely to test the top of the channel and form a double
top, and the trading range was likely to grow, which it did. Because of this, it would
have been better to scalp the long above bar 19. There was room for a 20-tick proﬁt
target to be ﬁlled below the top of the channel, so this was a reasonable location to
exit the entire long scalp.
Traders could have bought again above the bar 21 two-bar reversal, since it was
a double bottom with bar 19 and the ﬁrst moving average gap bar (the ﬁrst bar in
the trend with a high below the moving average). The risk was 11 ticks, and traders
could have exited with 20 ticks’ proﬁt just below the bar 22 high.
If traders bought the bar 9 triangle breakout, they could have changed their
plan once they saw the strength of the two-bar bull spike. Instead of exiting their
entire position at 20 ticks, they could have exited half there and then maybe place
a limit order to exit another quarter at another 10 or 20 ticks higher. They could
then have let the remainder run until the close of the day or until there was a clear
short signal. The sell climax at bar 16 was likely to lead to a pullback to the moving
average, and it would have been reasonable for traders to exit below bar 16 (or
below the bear inside bar two bars later), and buy again at the moving average.
However, if they had been scaling out and had only a quarter of their position left,
they could have also held until the close, because they would have known that
buyers were likely to return at the moving average, and they might have been able
to push the market to a new high before the close.
The bar 21 long was still in a trading range, but it was a double bottom bull ﬂag
with bar 19; therefore there was a reasonable chance that the market might reach
a new high before the close. Although a trader could have scalped out of his entire
position at 20 ticks on the correct assumption that most attempts to break out of
the top of a trading range will fail, this two-legged correction had a higher chance
of leading to a successful breakout, and strong bull trend days often rally to a new
high at the end of the day. A trader therefore could have swung a quarter to a half
of his long, just in case.

C H A P T E R 3 1
Scaling Into and
Out of a Trade
S
caling into a trade simply means that you are entering again once you are
already in a position, and scaling out means that when you exit, you exit only
part of your position and look to exit the rest later. More traders are willing
to scale out than are willing to scale in; in fact, many traders regularly scale out of
trades. For example, if you exit part of your position for a scalp and then exit the
balance for a swing, you are scaling out of your trade.
Scaling into a trade means that you are adding to your position. Institutions like
mutual funds have to scale into and out of positions constantly because they receive
new money and requests for redemptions every day. Individual traders commonly
use scaling in when they enter in the direction of the trend during a pullback and
when fading the extremes of a trading range, and when they dollar cost average.
Scaling into a potential reversal is very risky; it is usually better to exit if the market
goes against you and then look for a second entry.
You can scale in either as the trade moves against you or as it moves in your
direction. If you scale in after you already have a proﬁt, this is also referred to as
adding to your position, or pressing your trade. For example, if the market is in a
bull channel, bulls will add to their positions on every pullback as the market goes
higher. The same is true of a strong bull spike. Many traders quickly add to their
longs as the spike rapidly grows, bar after bar. Strong spikes always create brief
opportunities when the trader’s equation is exceptional, and some traders are adept
at pressing their trades in these fast markets. Each additional purchase is usually at
a higher price, and all of their earlier entries are proﬁtable. Bears who are shorting
in the bull channel as the market is going higher are scaling in above the highs of
prior bars and adding on as the trade continues higher. Each earlier entry has a
543

544
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
growing loss, but the bears expect that once the market reverses, they will have
a net proﬁt. I have a friend who is an expert at scaling into countertrend trades
in channels in the Emini, looking for a reversal. He looks for the market to test the
beginning of the channel, where he takes proﬁts. For example, if the recent average
range lately in the Emini has been about 10 to 15 points, and today has a spike and
channel bull trend that has had a couple of pushes up and is not particularly strong,
he would start to short on limit orders at the most recent swing high, and add to his
position at the next one or two new highs in the channel, as long as each new entry
was at least two points higher than the prior. Each of his one to three entries was
for about 10 contracts. I chatted with him many times years ago as he took these
trades, and the market never went much beyond his second or third entry before
reversing and going his way, so the stop was never an issue in our conversation.
However, I assume that it had to be at least a few points beyond his ﬁnal entry.
According to my math, I believe that he was willing to risk between $5,000 and
$10,000 for his 30 contracts. I am telling this story not to advocate what he was
doing, because very few people have the experience to trade like that. However,
he is an interesting, real example of a trader who specializes in a particular type of
scaling in and makes a living by doing it.
The key premise to scaling into a trade that is moving against you is that you
believe that the market will soon turn in your direction and that you will be able to
make a proﬁt. You should never scale into a losing position unless you are conﬁdent
about the big picture, and the best situation is when you believe that you are scaling
into a growing pullback in a strong trend and with a clear always-in direction. Most
traders never add to a losing position and instead let themselves get stopped out,
and then look to re-enter if there is another signal. However, many traders feel that
they can never be certain of the exact bottom or top of a trend or trading range,
but are conﬁdent when the market is close to a reversal. Some of those traders take
the reversal trade and use a wide stop. Others use a tight stop, and if the market
goes against them, they get stopped out and then look for another entry. Scale in
traders trade a much smaller position size initially and will add to their position
if the market continues against them, as long as they believe that their premise
remains valid. If the market goes their way immediately, many will look to build
their position up to full size by pressing their bets. They were willing to scale in at
either a better or worse price. For example, if they bought a reversal up from the
bottom of a large trading range and were willing to scale in lower, but instead the
market immediately goes their way, they might add to their position on pullbacks
as the market continues to rally toward the top of the trading range. Other traders
might trade half size, add the second half lower, and then look to exit the ﬁrst half
at breakeven on the reversal up, and swing the second half with a breakeven stop.
If you are scaling into a losing position and you then decide that the big picture
has changed and your premise is no longer valid, you must exit your trade and

SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
545
take your loss. Even if the market begins to turn your way, if you feel that your
original target has become unrealistic, do not hold on and hope that your premise
will once again become valid. You have to always trade the market that is in front
of you and not the one that you want or the one that you had a few bars ago. The
market changes with every tick, and if your original target is now unrealistic, look
for a new target and get out there, even if that means that you will be taking a loss.
For example, if you scaled into an always-in bull market and it then ﬂipped to an
always-in bear direction, you should exit and look for short trades instead of hoping
that the always-in bull market will once again return. Hope is never a sound basis
for holding a position, because the market is based on mathematics and not luck,
fairness, emotion, karma, or religion.
“Never add to a losing position.” That is one of the most fundamental rules on
Wall Street. However, it is misleading because institutions do it all the time and it is
part of many proﬁtable strategies. How can that possibly be? It is because the adage
refers to countertrend trades and the institutions are scaling into with trend trades.
Whenever an institution feels that the market has gone too far up or down, it sees
value in doing the opposite. Because no one can regularly pick exact turning points,
many institutions enter in pieces over the course of many bars. They do not care if
some of the entry signals form when their earlier entries have an open loss. As long
as they see value and have a large position to build, they will work to ﬁll it at the
best possible price, regardless of whether it is above or below their earlier entries.
This is similar to dollar cost averaging for an individual investor. If an investor has
some cash and wants to buy stock, he might use 10 percent of the cash to buy on
the ﬁrst of each of the next 10 months, regardless of whether the later entries are at
a lower price. Dollar cost averaging is a successful approach and more often than
not requires an investor to add to a losing position. However, this is far different
from a trader who buys at the bottom of a strong bear spike, thinking that there
has to be a bounce soon. When the market falls straight down for two more bars,
he buys more, and then more again even lower, as he attempts to lower his average
cost. Soon, he is hoping for any bounce up to near his average entry price so that
he can get out at breakeven. Invariably, his position has become so large that he
decides that he has to get out on the next bear trend bar. That bar is usually a large
sell climax and he exits with a huge loss, many times greater than the original proﬁt
he was trying to make from his buy scalp, and his exit is at the bottom of the market
just before a huge rally.
There is a sound mathematical basis for scaling into or out of a trade, but many
traders do it simply because they discovered that it works and they don’t care about
the reasoning. Professional traders do it on daily and weekly charts all the time. It
works for day traders as well. If you are taking swing trades intraday on stocks
that you do not follow constantly throughout the day and you are experienced at
reading price action and conﬁdent that your entry is near the start of a swing, you

546
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
can use a wide protective stop and look to add on if the market continues against
you. Your initial trade could be a half or a third of your usual position size, and you
can look to scale in one or two times as the market goes against you.
Scaling into a trade is usually best in a growing pullback in an always-in market
(a clear trend), at least on a higher time frame, and in fading the extremes of a
trading range. A trader can scale:
r Into longs on a small pullback from a strong bull spike (a pullback is a small
countertrend channel).
r Into shorts on a small pullback from a strong bear spike.
r Into longs as a bear channel falls or into shorts as a bull channel rises.
r Into longs as a pullback falls further (pullbacks are small trends and therefore
are in channels) or into shorts as a bear rally rises. For example, if there is a
steeply rising moving average, bulls will scale into longs on a pullback below
the moving average.
r At ﬁxed intervals in pullbacks in any strong trend based on the size of the prior
pullbacks and the recent average daily range.
r Into longs or into shorts in a trading range.
r Into a countertrend position during a breakout if a pullback to the breakout
point is likely, like in a broad channel day, in a trending trading range day, or in
a stairs pattern.
There are many ways to scale into or out of a position since there are so many
variables, which include:
r The number of times that you will scale in. You can scale in one time or many
times.
r Sizes of your positions. If you are allowing for the possibility of scaling in if the
market goes against you, make sure to keep your initial positions small enough
so that the risk on your ﬁnal position is within your usual tolerance.
r The number of shares entered at each level. Your ﬁrst entry can be for
100 shares, the second can be for 200, and the third can be for 500 or any num-
ber. However, most traders scale in with the same number of shares each time.
r The prices of the different entries. The steps don’t have to be ﬁxed, which
means that you can scale into a long at 20 cents below the ﬁrst entry and again
at 30, 70, or any number of cents below that. Alternatively, you can enter at
the ﬁrst reversal signal and if the trend continues, you can scale in at the next
reversal signal and maybe the one after that as well.
r The risk. This is how far your protective stop is from your average entry price.
r The reward. This is how far your proﬁt-taking limit order is from your average
entry price.

SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
547
r The probability. It is never known with certainty, and it varies with the amount
of risk, reward, and average entry price. For example, the probability of making
30 cents while risking 30 cents is greater than the probability of making 30 cents
while risking 20 cents but less than the probability of making 30 cents while
risking 40 cents.
Scaling involves uncertainty, which is inherent in channels and trading ranges
where two-sided trading is taking place. The trader is betting that a short-term move
is ending and that a larger move is about to begin. This is true even in a trading
range, like when a trader is scaling into longs during a bear leg in the belief that the
bigger picture is that of a trading range and that the small bear leg will probably
fail to convert the trading range into a bear trend. Any combination of the variables
that results in the chance of winning times the potential reward being greater than
the chance of losing times the risk is a valid strategy. You always know the risk
and the potential reward because you set them when you place your protective stop
and your proﬁt-taking limit order. You never know the probability with certainty,
but you usually know when it is 60 percent or greater; if you are uncertain, then
assume that it is 50 percent.
Whenever you scale in against a trend, as a general rule you should exit if the
market makes a second move against you. This means that if you are bottom pick-
ing in a bear trend and the market forms a low 2 short, especially if it is near the
moving average and has a bear signal bar, you should exit your longs and even con-
sider reversing to short. If you still believe that a bottom is near, you can look to
begin to scale in again lower. Also, it is risky to scale in against a trend in the ﬁnal
hour or so of the day, because you will too often ﬁnd yourself holding a large los-
ing position that you will have to cover by the close. Time is against you. Finally,
it is risky to scale in against any strong trend. For example, if you believe that the
market is in a strong bear trend, then you must believe it will soon be lower. If
you believe that it will soon be lower, then it is too early to begin to buy. When
a trend is strong, the only type of scaling in that you should consider is adding to
your with-trend position.
There is a mathematical basis for scaling into and out of positions, but that
does not mean that scaling in or out is the wisest use of your money. For example,
suppose you believe that the chance that a stock now trading at $20 will fall to zero
is 1 percent or less so you then buy 100 shares of a stock; if you scale in at each
$5 drop, you would buy 100 more shares at $15, 100 more at $10, and 100 more
at $5.00. You would then be long 400 shares with an average price of $12.50. Yes,
the stock might not fall to zero, but you now need a 150 percent rally to get back
to breakeven, and it is almost certain that you will make more money if you exit
all of your shares at a loss and instead use the money to buy a stock that is in a
strong uptrend.

548
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Traders can also scale out of winning and losing trades. In that bull channel
example, those bulls who were scaling into their longs as the bull channel went
up would stop buying at some point and begin to take proﬁts. If they took part of
their trades off, they were scaling out of their trades. The bears might have decided
that the reversal they were expecting would not be as strong as they originally
thought and they might buy back some of the shorts that they just sold. If the market
went another 10 ticks against them, they might buy back even more and look to
short again higher. They were scaling out of their losing positions, although they
might be planning to scale back in later.
One guideline that you can use to determine where to place your second entry
is to think about how far away your protective stop would be if you were not scaling
in. For example, if you were buying a pullback in a bull trend in Bank of America
Corporation (BAC) and were thinking about using a 30 cent stop, you might instead
buy more at that price and place a protective stop on your entire position 30 cents
lower, or 60 cents below your ﬁrst entry.
There are many ways to scale into a trade that is moving against you, and you
can scale in any number of times. You can scale in at ﬁxed intervals or at different
support or resistance levels or at each subsequent reversal setup. You can make
each subsequent entry the same size as the original or you can make them larger
or smaller. The most important point is that if you are allowing for the possibility
of scaling in, you have to have a plan at the outset. If you are not comfortable with
creating a plan, do not scale into a losing position, even if you are buying a pullback
in a strong bull trend or selling a bear rally in a strong bear trend. You must know
where your ﬁnal protective stop is and what your average entry price is, because
you need to keep your total risk within your normal range. If you are not careful,
you might ﬁnd yourself holding your usual number of contracts but the stop is so
far from your average entry price that your risk is several times greater than what
you normally incur.
If traders are determined to try to scale into a trade, the least risky approach
is to take a second entry if one appears while they are still in their trade and if
their premise remains valid. For example, suppose they are long and the market
goes sideways or a little down but not far enough to hit their protective stop, or
a little up but not high enough to ﬁll their proﬁt-taking limit order; if the market
creates another buy signal that has a good trader’s equation, the traders can take
that entry as well and treat their two entries as separate trades. They might have
different stops and proﬁt targets, but as long as each has a favorable trader’s equa-
tion, the traders can treat them as separate trades and manage each based on its
own characteristics. If a third good signal appears, they can buy again, but at some
point their position becomes too complicated to be worth the effort. Since it is less
stressful to just manage one trade at a time, most traders should not scale in, even
if the subsequent signals look good.

Figure 31.1
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
549
FIGURE 31.1
Scaling In Is Not for Most Traders
A beginning trader should not scale into trades because it can increase his risk to
beyond his comfort level, and any mistake can result in a huge loss. However, an
experienced trader might take a second or third entry on a pullback in a strong
trend, or add to his position during each bar of a strong spike, like in the move up
from bar 3 to bar 4.
Most traders saw the market shown in the chart in Figure 31.1 as strongly
always-in long by the close of bar 4, which was a four-bar bull spike with very little
overlap and big bodies. It followed earlier buying pressure on the open and again
on the two-bar spike at bar 1. Bar 7 was a valid two-bar reversal and high 2 buy
signal (where bar 5 was the high 1). Other traders saw bar 7 as a high 1 buy setup.
The entry bar was the small doji bar after bar 7, and that constituted the breakout
of the bull ﬂag. The market then had a breakout pullback buy setup at bar 8, which
was also a valid signal. Some traders saw it as a triangle with bars 6 and 7. The en-
try price was the same as that for the long above bar 7. Since the premise was still
valid and bar 8 was even stronger evidence that the market was trying to go higher,
a trader could have bought a second position on that signal. The two-bar rally from
there was a ﬁve-tick failure and probably did not result in a ﬁll of the proﬁt-taking
limit orders, but the bull trend was still intact and the protective stops were not hit.
The move up, though, broke above another small bear trend line and was therefore

550
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.1
another breakout of a bull ﬂag. Bar 9 was the breakout pullback buy setup. Since
the trend was still intact and this new setup also had a good trader’s equation, the
trader could buy a third position here and manage it as a separate trade, using the
appropriate protective stop and proﬁt target. The trader would have been able to
scalp out of all three entries with a one-point proﬁt on the bar 10 spike.
Bars 14, 15, and 16 provided a similar opportunity to scale into longs with three
separate entries.
Bars 20, 21, 22, and 23 had four valid buy setups, and all four could have been
exited with a one-point proﬁt on the bar 24 bull spike.

Figure 31.2
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
551
FIGURE 31.2
Scaling into Longs
As shown in Figure 31.2, the 5 minute SPY was in a strong bull trend, and bulls
could have scaled into a long position during the bull spike from bar 9 to the bar
before bar 14, or during the complex pullback from the bar 14 high. The chart on
the right is a close-up of the one on the left, but only relevant bars of the pullback
are labeled. Bulls could have bought the small wedge bull ﬂag pullback to the mov-
ing average with the goal of taking proﬁts at the old bull high (bar 14). They could
have placed their buy stop at one tick above the bull inside bar that followed bar 18.
Alternatively, they could have entered above the high of the two-bar reversal (the
high of bar 18). If they bought 200 shares above the bull inside bar, they got long
at $130.76. Their protective stop was one tick below the bar 18 low of $130.66, and
they planned to take proﬁts at a new high of the day on a limit order at $130.94, the
high of bar 14. They were risking 11 cents to make 18 cents, and since this was a bull
ﬂag at the moving average, they probably had at least a 60 percent chance of suc-
cess and a 40 percent chance of failure. In this case, they would have lost 11 cents
when bar 20 fell below bar 18. Since they had bought 200 shares, they lost $22 plus
commissions.

552
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.2
Other traders might have been equally conﬁdent that the trend was strong
enough so that the pullback should be followed by a new high on the day, but they
might have been concerned that the pullback to bar 18 was in a relatively tight chan-
nel. A channel is often just the ﬁrst of two legs, and there was a reasonable risk that
there might be a second leg sideways to down before the bull trend ﬁnally resumed.
However, the trend was so strong that the market should not fall much below the
moving average, if the trend was still good. Because of this uncertainty, the scale-in
traders might have bought a half-size position above the bull inside bar after bar
18. Instead of stopping themselves out below bar 18, they might have bought the
other half of their position there, 10 cents below their ﬁrst entry. They could have
then placed a stop on their entire position 11 cents lower, at twice the size of their
initial protective stop. They would have been ﬁlled at $130.66 on bar 20, lowering
their average entry price on their 200 shares to $130.71; the risk was then $130.55.
They were risking 16 cents to make 23 cents, and since this was a bull ﬂag, they
had at least a 60 percent chance of success. The market reversed up strongly on
the bar after bar 20, but quickly reversed down into a two-bar reversal. A beginner
might have exited with a loss at that point, and might even have reversed to short.
However, an experienced trader would never short at the bottom of a trading range
in a bull trend and would have relied on a stop. The market reversed up again at
bar 23 in a moving average gap bar buy setup and then worked higher to a new high
on the day. The move up had several pullbacks, indicating that the bulls were not
strong, and the market reversed down at the new high, where clearly many bulls,
including the scale-in traders, took proﬁts.
A bull who bought earlier in the day could have scaled out as the trend pro-
gressed. There were several reasonable chances to buy, like the high 1 setups at
bars 2, 4, and 6. Let’s say that a bull bought 400 shares at $130.10, one tick above
bar 6, and placed a protective stop at one tick below at $129.96, risking 14 cents.
There are many ways to take proﬁts, and one popular one is at about twice the ini-
tial risk. The trader could have taken 100 shares off at 28 cents. This was during the
spike up from bar 9 as it moved beyond bar 8. Other traders take partial proﬁts at
ﬁxed intervals, like every 20 cents. A trader who did that would have exited on bar
8, which had a large tail on the top, indicating that many traders took partial proﬁts
there. Bulls should trail their protective stops at just below the most recent swing
low, so this bull’s stop was still below bar 6. Once the market moved above bar
8, the trader would have moved his stop to just below bar 9. He could have taken
another 100 shares off at four times the initial risk, at $130.52, on the bull trend bar
two bars before bar 12, as the market moved above bar 11. The bar 11 high was
exactly $130.52, so many traders placed their limit orders at one tick below the ob-
vious target. This is a type of failure and often leads to a bigger pullback, but here
it led to a proﬁt-taking tail at the top of the bar, and then only a small one-bar pause

Figure 31.2
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
553
in the trend. The trader could have continued to exit 100 shares at another 72 and
96 cents above the entry (or at 60 and 80 cents’ proﬁt), or could have exited the
third 100 shares at the ﬁrst sign that the market might have a larger pullback, like
one tick below bar 14. He could then have looked to exit the ﬁnal 100 shares before
the close, maybe on a move to a new high of the day after the pullback. The ﬁnal
exit would have been on bar 27 at $130.94, 84 cents above the initial entry.

554
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.3
FIGURE 31.3
Institutions Scale In as the Market Goes against Them
When institutions buy at the bottom of a trading range, they will then buy more on
every little dip to defend their stops as they try to turn the market up.
As shown in Figure 31.3, today had a big gap down so the day was likely to
trend up or down. Following bar 3, the market sold off strongly into a lower range,
and by the time bar 6 formed, the day was a trending trading range day. It is usually
safe to buy near the bottom of every range and short near the top.
Bar 5 broke above a steep trend line. Bars 4 and 6 were strong bull reversal
bars, with bar 6 setting up a second entry long (a lower low pullback from the
breakout above the micro channel). The entry bar was a bear trend bar, which is
a sign of weakness. If the market traded one tick below its low, this would have
been a failure and the market would likely have dropped quickly down in one or
two more legs (one more could set up a small wedge bottom). Since the smart
money traders believed that this was a trending trading range day and they bought
the second entry, they would defend it by continuing to add to their longs by buying
down to the low of the entry bar. They did not want the market to go one tick lower,
because they would then have a losing trade. The market missed those protective

Figure 31.3
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
555
stops by one tick many times over the next 15 minutes, and patient longs were
rewarded.
The day could also be viewed as a trend from the open bear trend, a small
pullback bear trend, or a trend resumption bear trend, where the trading range
from 8:00 a.m. PST until 11:00 a.m. was sloping downward, which was a sign that
the bears were strong.

556
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.4
FIGURE 31.4
In Strong Bull Channels, Traders Scale In All the Way Up
When bulls are conﬁdent that the market is going higher and skeptical that there
will soon be a pullback that would allow them to buy lower, they begin to buy at
the market and keep buying all the way up. In Figure 31.4, Apple (AAPL) had a large
gap up, then a pullback, and then a bull breakout at bar 6. The odds favored a bull
trend day, and traders believed that even if there were a pullback, the market would
soon reach a new high. Therefore, it made mathematical sense to begin buying at
the market and on any tiny pullback, like maybe 10 cents. Traders and institutions
continued to buy relentlessly but not with enough urgency or size to cause a huge
bull trend bar and possible climactic reversal. They were scaling in all the way up
to bar 10, because they believed that the ﬁrst pullback would not go too far and it
would be bought aggressively enough to push the market to a new high.
When the trend is this strong, you have to believe that the market will soon be
higher. If you believe that it will soon be higher, it does not make sense to begin
scaling into a short position, because if you wait, you can short at a better price.
When a channel is strong, you should never scale in against the trend.
The market had about a $1.00 spike and channel bear pullback to the mov-
ing average at bar 13, where the bulls ﬁnally overwhelmed the bears. They pushed
the market up to a nominal new high where even the traders who had bought at
bar 10 could get out at breakeven. Many of those traders were momentum traders

Figure 31.4
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
557
who keep buying until the trend changes, and they were happy to add on at the
bar 13 ﬁrst moving average gap bar. They then exited their longs from bar 10 at
breakeven, and their longs from bar 13 with a 60 cent proﬁt.
Bulls might also have scaled in on the sell-off down to bar 19, believing that the
bull trend was so strong that the pullback should lead to a test of the high. Bar 18
was a strong bull reversal bar, and bulls might have bought above its high. Since
the bear channel was steep, these bulls knew that the market might fall further,
but they wanted to be sure that they caught at least some of what they thought
would be a trend resumption. Because the pullback might not have been over, some
would have bought only a half-size position and would have looked to add on maybe
50 cents lower. They would have been ﬁlled on the move down to bar 19. Others
would simply have looked for another bottom attempt and then bought more above
the signal bar, like above the bar 19 high. Bar 19 was a large two-legged sideways
to down correction where bar 13 was the ﬁrst leg, and it was about a measured
move down from the bars 10 and 14 double top. Although they might scale out of
some of their positions on the test of their ﬁrst entry at the bar 18 high, most would
have held for a larger proﬁt. They might have taken half off on the pause bar after
the bull spike up to bar 20 and then moved the protective stop to breakeven on the
balance.

558
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.5
FIGURE 31.5
Scaling into a Pullback
When the moving average is steeply up, traders will buy a pullback to the moving
average and scale in lower. In the chart shown in Figure 31.5, traders who had limit
orders to buy a touch of the moving average got ﬁlled on bar 9, but unfortunately
for them, the market spiked down. Many traders would have scaled in lower be-
cause they were conﬁdent that the market would soon rally back up to the moving
average, and it often rallies all the way back to their initial purchase. The bar 15
high was exactly the price where the bar 9 longs bought the pullback to the mov-
ing average. Why did the market turn down at bar 15? Because many traders who
scaled into longs on the sell-off to bar 11 sold out of their longs around breakeven
for their initial entry, which was where bar 9 touched the moving average. They
made a proﬁt on their lower entries and got out at breakeven on their ﬁrst entry.
Their goal was a proﬁtable long based on a steeply rising moving average, and once
they achieved their goal, they sold out of their longs and there was no one left
to buy.
When there is a possible reversal, many traders don’t buy the ﬁrst touch of
the moving average. Instead, they will start to buy below the moving average. For
example, the traders who bought at bar 9 might have scaled into additional longs at
each one point lower. Other traders might instead have begun buying at one, two,
or even more points lower and then could have scaled in at each one-point drop

Figure 31.5
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
559
from there for maybe two or three entries. They could have risked maybe half of
the average range, or about ﬁve points below their ﬁrst entry. For example, if they
bought at 1,219 and again at 1,218, they could have exited both positions at their
original price and made a point on their second entry and nothing on their ﬁrst. If
they were more aggressive, they could have taken proﬁts at one point above their
higher entry, at the moving average, or on the test of the bar 9 original moving
average entry price.

560
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.6
FIGURE 31.6
Scaling In during Spikes
Traders can enter or scale in during the spike phases of trends. As shown in
Figure 31.6, today opened with a large gap up, but the ﬁrst two bars were dojis,
indicating that there was uncertainty about the high open. The bulls were not buy-
ing aggressively. They bought at the bottom of the two bars, creating tails, but if
the market were to turn down, the bulls would have stopped buying if their two
attempts failed. The strong bar 2 bear trend bar convinced the bulls that the market
was going down. Traders shorted into its close, and the bulls exited on its close and
on a stop below the ﬁrst bar of the day. Once there was a strong bear bar on the
next bar, bears were conﬁdent that a spike was underway and that there would be at
least a measured move down. They shorted the close of bar 3. Since two-bar spikes
are common in the ﬁrst 30 minutes and are often followed by pullbacks, some bears
would have kept their protective stops above bar 2 to allow for a possible lower
high. Other bears saw bar 3 as such a strong bear trend bar and an entry bar (for
traders who shorted below the bar 2 signal bar) that they would have put their stops
above bar 3.
The next bar was a strong bull reversal bar, but since a lower high was likely
after two strong bear trend bars, most traders would have held short. The market
went one tick above the bar, trapping weak bears out and weak bulls in, and then
reversed down at bar 4.

Figure 31.6
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
561
Some traders would have shorted on a stop below bar 4 and would have entered
two bars later. The doji close of the entry bar would have made them nervous, but
then the bear spike began.
Bar 5 had a strong bear body, so some traders would have shorted its close,
and others would have shorted below its low.
Bar 6 was the second bar in the spike and had a large bear body. At this point,
many traders saw it as a breakout from the opening range. The bulls ﬁnally gave
up and the bears became very conﬁdent that the day’s range would expand to the
downside to reach around the average daily range of recent days. Traders shorted
its close. Aggressive traders would have kept shorting closes until there was a bar
with a large tail or a bull body. Even when one forms, it is the ﬁrst pause or pullback
and the market will usually go down again within a few bars so that the traders who
had shorted the close of the bar before will still be able to make a scalper’s proﬁt.
Once the pause bar forms after a spike of several bars, most traders stop entering
on the close.
The market rallied to bar 16, and traders wondered if it might form a higher low
and then have a second leg up. The bar 17 strong bear trend bar broke out below
any possible bull ﬂag and made traders think that a new low of the day was likely.
Traders shorted its close and the close of the bar 18 follow-through bar. Bar 19 was
a pause bar, so bears stopped shorting closes.
Bar 23 was a strong bull reversal bar and a two-bar reversal on the third push
down of the day, and traders saw it as a possible wedge bottom or as a higher time
frame wedge bull ﬂag. Since its low was well above the low of yesterday, many
traders saw the entire sell-off today as a bull ﬂag. Some traders bought above its
high, and other traders bought the close of the bar 25 entry bar. The market now
had a two-bar bull spike after a good bottom, and traders knew it should have at
least two legs up.
Bar 26 had another strong bull close, and traders bought the close.
Bar 28 had a large tail on the top, so traders stopped buying closes.
There was a wedge bull ﬂag at bar 31, and the bulls assumed that this was the
start of the second leg up.
The market broke below the bull channel from bar 31 to bar 35, and traders
thought that the second leg up might have ended and the bear trend might be re-
suming. Some traders shorted the bar 36 close, but the market reversed up into
a two-bar reversal at bar 37 and the bears would have exited. They would have
thought that this was a bear trap and a false breakout of the bull channel, and they
saw the market reversing up at a higher low (above bar 31) and wondered if the
bull trend would resume.
Bulls bought above the two-bar reversal at bar 37 and again on the closes of
bars 38 and 39. The next bar was a pause bar, so they stopped buying closes. The
traders who bought on the close of bar 39 exited on the bar 41 bear bar. They bought

562
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.6
for a scalp, and the market failed to go up on the next bar; it then failed again, so it
was likely to go down.
So what do these spikes have to do with scale trading? Let’s say that you are
comfortable trading two contracts, scalping one for one point and swinging the
other until the trend ends. If you took any of the early short entries on bars 2,
3, or 4, you would have scalped out one contract during bar 5. On the close of
bar 5, you could put your scalp contract back and once again be short two con-
tracts. You would have scalped one out during bar 8 and added it back on at the
close of bar 8. Depending on where your ﬁrst entry was, you might exit all on
bar 12, or, if your original short was around bar 3, you might hold short with a
breakeven stop.
As an alternative to adding just one contract on at the close of bar 5, you could
short two more there and then be short three contracts, which is more than your
usual risk, but put a breakeven stop on your ﬁrst contract so that your total risk
is the same as your usual total risk. You could repeat this again on the close of
bar 7 and on the close of bar 8. At that point, your swing position would be four
contracts, but you would have a breakeven stop on three. You would also have one
scalp contract, so your total position size would be ﬁve contracts, but your total
risk would be the same as you normally have when you trade two contracts.
You could use the same approach with the other spikes during the day. As long
as you do not exceed your normal risk level that you would have on your usual
two-contract size, there will be days when you can have ﬁve or more contracts on
and make windfall proﬁts.

Figure 31.7
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
563
FIGURE 31.7
Scaling In during Channels
Traders will scale into countertrend positions when the market is forming channels,
but this is reliable only as long as the day is not a strong trend day. In Figure 31.7,
the move down to bar 2 was about half of an average range, so the upside breakout
that began at bar 6 could have led to a measured move up and then an upper range,
creating a trending trading range day. The market would then be likely to come
back down to test the bar 1 or bar 5 breakout points. Traders who understood this
were willing to short above the bar 9 high and scale in higher. They could have
added to their shorts either above other swing highs, like above bar 9, or at ﬁxed
intervals, like one and two points higher. They were shorting near the top of the
channel, which is the ideal location for shorts. They could have taken proﬁts at the
breakout test that occurred on the spike down to bar 21.
Bulls would have scaled in below the low of the prior bar after the strong spike
up to bar 7. They would have bought below the inside bar after bar 7 and again
below bars 9, 11, and maybe 13. Since bar 13 was the third push up in the channel,
and channels often correct for at least 10 bars after three pushes, most bulls would
have been taking proﬁts at this point instead of scaling in. Also, just as they would
have scaled in below bars on the way up, they would have taken partial or full
proﬁts above the highs of prior bars, above swing highs, and at the closes of strong

564
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.7
bull trend bars. All of these would have been near the top of the channel, which is
where bulls tend to exit and bears tend to enter.
Bulls saw the move up to bar 13 as a sign of strength, and therefore they might
have been willing to scale in on the bear channel down to bar 22. They might have
ﬁrst bought above the bar 19 bull reversal bar and then they could have added on
at the second signal above bar 22, as the market tried to form a double bottom
with the bar 8 bottom of the bull channel. Alternatively, they could have scaled
in at ﬁxed intervals, like one and two points below their original long entry above
bar 19. They could have scaled out part at their original entry there and taken the
rest off on the bar 26 test of the bar 18 top of the channel, or they could have scaled
out at ﬁxed intervals, like part at breakeven and then more at one point and then
two points higher.

Figure 31.8
SCALING INTO AND OUT OF A TRADE
565
FIGURE 31.8
Entering Where Weak Traders Exit
The market often hits obvious protective stops to the tick and then reverses. If
traders are just looking for a few major reversals a day, they have to be willing
to use wider stops, because the market often hits round number protective stops
located at two, three, four, or ﬁve points from the entry price to the tick and then
reverses. If a trader shorted below bar 3 in Figure 31.8 and used a three-point stop,
it would have been hit to the tick at the bar 9 high. However, if the trader was
willing to scale in, he might have an order to short more exactly where the weak
traders are getting stopped out. Because a three-point stop here was logical since it
was the appropriate size for the recent price action and it was at a new high of the
day, an astute trader looking to scale in would have placed a limit order to short
more at 11 ticks above the ﬁrst entry, one tick below the three-point stop.
A trader who bought the lower low at bar 13 or the second reversal up at bar
20 had the same experience with a three-point stop. It would have been hit to the
tick. The alternative again was to scale in just shy of the obvious stop.
The initial trading range was about half of the size of an average day, so
when traders saw the breakout down to bar 11, they knew that there was about a
60 percent chance or better that this would be a trending trading range day and
that there would be a test of the bar 4 breakout point. Traders could have bought
on limit orders at two, three, and four points below bar 4. They would have been

566
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 31.8
ﬁlled on only their ﬁrst order, and they could have exited with two points’ proﬁt on
the move up to bar 12, which went a few ticks above the bar 4 breakout point.
Traders who saw the trending channels recognized that every breakout to a
new low was followed by a pullback above the old low. Because of this, they could
have planned to scale in below each low. Bar 13 was ﬁve ticks below bar 11, so
traders would assume that the next new low would extend about ﬁve ticks below
bar 13. Sometimes the next breakout is a little less and the market converts into
a shrinking stairs pattern. They could have placed a limit order to buy about three
ticks below the bar 13 low and an order to scale in one point lower and then again
one point below that. Their scale orders would not have been ﬁlled, and they would
have been able to make a point or two on their ﬁrst entry. If they had scaled in, they
could have exited the entire position at the ﬁrst entry price and taken a breakeven
trade on that ﬁrst entry and a one-point proﬁt on the second entry. Alternatively,
they could have held out for more and made a point or two on the ﬁrst and two or
three points on the second.
They could have repeated the process as the market fell below bar 15. They
might or might not have been ﬁlled on their second entry since the bar 21 low was
exactly at the limit price, eight ticks below the bar 15 low.
If traders thought that the trading range from bar 11 to bar 17 would hold, they
might have been willing to scale in on the sell-off with a ﬁrst entry around bar 18.
However, once the low 2 formed after bar 20, it was better to exit and possibly
reverse to short and then look to buy again lower.

C H A P T E R 3 2
Getting Trapped
In or Out
of a Trade
A
n entry stop can get you trapped into a bad trade, and a protective stop can
get you trapped out of a good trade. It is reasonable to wonder how this
can happen if most of the volume is generated by institutional computer
orders—how can the institutional computers get it wrong so often? Those pro-
grams are often complex, and all of the institutions are using different methods.
Some of the stop runs will be due to hedging or partial proﬁt taking, while others
will be due to scaling into a position, and most will have nothing to do with a 5
minute chart. It is simplistic to think that they are all getting it wrong and were
trapped by a stop, or that the stop run was due to the relatively small volume that
comes from individual traders. What appears on the chart is the distilled product
of a huge number of traders who are basing their decisions on a huge number of
different and unknowable reasons. The result is that individual traders sometimes
get trapped into or out of the market. Most institutions are not trading tick by tick,
and they are not concerned by these little moves because they know that the math
behind their models is sound. They don’t see these moves as traps; it is likely that
most don’t see them at all and instead rely on their models and on the orders that
their customers want them to ﬁll. High-frequency trading (HFT) ﬁrms, however, try
to capitalize on any small move.
567

568
ORDERS AND TRADE MANAGEMENT
Figure 32.1
FIGURE 32.1
Trapped Traders
As shown in Figure 32.1, today was ﬁlled with setups that trapped traders into bad
trades and out of good trades, but if you had carefully read the price action, you
could have proﬁted off each of these traps by placing limit orders to bet on the
opposite direction.
Bar 2 was a bear trend bar on a gap up open and a possible high of the day, but
with bar 1 being as strong as it was, it was probably better to wait for more infor-
mation before shorting. Once the short triggered, alert traders would have bought
above bar 2 on a stop, both because there were trapped bears and because the mar-
ket went above a strong bull trend bar on a gap up day and the day could become a
trend from the open bull trend day.
Bar 5 was the third bear bar in a spike down from a possible high of the day, so
even if the market were to trade above its high, a lower high and a second leg down
to the moving average were likely. A trader could have placed a sell limit order to
go short at the bar 5 high and used a protective stop either at the high of the day or
above the bear entry bar that followed the bar 4 sell signal.
The bear channel down to bar 7 was steep, so even though it was a high 2
pullback to the moving average and a bull trend bar, bulls would have been wise
to wait for a breakout pullback before going long. Aggressive traders would have
shorted with a limit order at the bar 7 high for a scalp.

Figure 32.1
GETTING TRAPPED IN OR OUT OF A TRADE
569
The move down to bar 9 was very strong, so buying the ﬁrst attempt to rally
was a bad trade. Traders could instead have placed a limit order to short at the
bar 9 high, expecting a new low within the next few bars.
Bar 12 was a large bear trend bar and therefore a sell climax, and it followed
the sell climax down to bar 9. The low 2 at bar 11 might have been the ﬁnal ﬂag in
the bear trend before a larger correction ensued. Bar 13 was a low 1 short setup,
but, since the market was no longer in a strong bear spike, this was a bad short.
Traders could instead have placed a limit order to buy at the bar 13 low for a scalp.
Bar 14 was a weak low 2 short, since a correction lasting at least 10 bars was
likely after the consecutive sell climaxes. Bulls could have bought the low of bar 14,
expecting a failed low 2 and a breakout to the upside. Bar 15 became an outside up
bar, trapping bears into the low 2 short. Because the bar was so quick to form, many
bulls did not have time to understand what had taken place; they were trapped out
and forced to chase the market up.
Bar 16 was a low 1 short setup after ﬁve bull trend bars and therefore likely to
fail. Bulls would have bought at the low of the bar.
Bar 17 was a high 1 long setup, but the bull spike had bars with small bodies
and tails. This was not a strong bull spike, and therefore the high 1 should fail. Bears
shorted with limit orders at the high of bar 17.
Bar 18 was a low 2 short setup, but the market was still in a strong bull channel
and now was going sideways for six bars. This low 2 was likely to fail, so bulls
bought its low for a scalp.
Bar 19 was a failed low 2 and therefore a buy setup, but the market was begin-
ning to go sideways and have small bars, and this would have made the third push
up. Bears shorted at its high.
Bar 23 was a high 1 buy setup, but this was not a strong bull spike, so bears
shorted at its high.
Bar 27 was a high 1 buy setup, but again the spike was not strong. The bars
were small and the tails were prominent. Bears shorted at its high.
Bar 28 was a high 1 and a higher low in the middle of a trading range, and it
formed after a strong bear reversal bar one bar earlier. Bears shorted at its high.
Bar 30 was a large doji bear reversal bar and a high 2 buy setup, but it was in
the middle of a trading range and the large signal bar forced traders to buy near
the top, which is never good. The doji bar was a weak signal bar. Bears shorted at
its high.


About the Author
Al Brooks is a technical analysis contributor to Futures magazine and an indepen-
dent day trader. Called the trader’s trader, he has a devoted following, and pro-
vides live market commentary and daily chart analysis updates on his website at
www.brookspriceaction.com. After changing careers from ophthalmology to trad-
ing 25 years ago, he discovered consistent trading success once he developed his
unique approach to reading price charts bar by bar. He graduated from the Uni-
versity of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and received his BS in mathematics
from Trinity College.
571


About the Website
This book includes a companion website, which can be found at:
www.wiley.com/go/tradingtrends
All of the charts provided in the book are included on the website for your conve-
nience. The password to enter this site is: Brooks2.
573


Index
AB=CD, 154
ABC pullback, 154, 195, 260, 270
Algorithms, 450–452, 458–459, 462
Ascending triangle, 411
Bands, 141
Barbwire, 89, 180, 384–386
with an ioi pattern, 400–401
and limit order entries, 504
as low 2, 410
reversal, 407–409
stop entries in, 394–395, 396–397
Bar counting, 259–300. See also
High/low patterns (1, 2, 3, 4)
ABC corrections, 260, 270
basics of, 33–34
chart and bar analysis, 273–275,
278–281
difﬁculties in, 278–281
goal of, 273–275
Bear breakouts:
characteristics of, 29–30
characteristics signaling failure, 65
characteristics signaling strength,
63–64
probability of success, 440
Bear channels, 175, 231, 330, 347, 357.
See also Bull ﬂags
Bear entry bar highs, 140
Bear ﬂag, 71, 104, 151, 325
Bear pullbacks, 208
Bear reversal bar characteristics, 31,
32–33
Bear signal bar lows, 141
Bear trap, 342
Bear trends, 186–187
new lows in, 42–43, 489–490
sequence for signs of weakness in,
206–207
tight trading range in, 390–391
Beginning trader mistakes, 382,
460–461
Breakeven stops, 103, 109
Breakout bar, 101, 121
Breakout/breakaway gaps, 36, 59, 106,
123–124, 132, 136
chart and bar analysis, 128–129
Breakout entries, 82–90
Breakout failures, 99–100, 114, 378,
402–403
Breakout mode setup, 49
Breakout points, 106, 126–127, 179
Breakout pullbacks, 99–100, 101,
102
in absence of actual breakout, 103
buy setup for, 54–60, 112–113
chart and bar analysis, 106–107, 111,
112–113, 203–204
probability of success, 439
at a top, 111
575

576
INDEX
Breakouts, 35–51, 333–335, 343.
See also Bear breakouts; Bull
breakouts; Gaps
assessing, 40–41
barbwire failed breakout, 402–403
bear breakout, 29–30, 63–64, 65, 440
bull breakout, 28–29, 48–51, 61–63,
101, 440 (see also Bull breakouts)
chart and bar analysis, 47–49, 50–51,
73–76, 77–78, 79, 83–84, 85–87,
88–90, 93–95, 96–97, 105, 114, 115,
116, 117
deﬁned, 36
double bottom, 116, 223–224,
230–231, 264, 503
emotions and risk in trading, 54
entries in direction of breakout,
38–39
entries in existing strong trends,
91–97
entries in opposite direction of
breakout, 39–40
example of how to trade, 53–60
failed double bottom, 223–224,
230–231
failure of, 66–67, 99–100, 114, 378,
402–403
ﬁnal ﬂag breakout, 101, 115, 117, 337
and follow-through, 85
initial, 81–90
late, 105
likelihood of failure, 345
and limit order entries, 499–500
micro channel, 187, 343, 521
with multiple consecutive trend
bars, 83
to new lows, 45
into new trend, 36–37
probability of success, 440
pullbacks on, 54–60, 203–204
and reversals, 47–48
risk/reward in, 67–68
setup times for, 245–251
signs of strength in, 61–79
small trading range withing larger
trading range, 36–37
in tight markets, 338
in tight trading ranges, 379–380
and triangles, 412
types and frequency of, 73–76
volume and, 50–51, 69
Breakout spikes, 54–56
Breakout tests, 99–100, 102, 180
chart and analysis, 108, 109–110
and double bottom bull ﬂag, 229
and micro gaps, 136
probability of success, 441
purpose of, 505
Bull breakouts:
areas commonly tested after, 101
in bear trend, 48–51
characteristics, 28–29
characteristics signaling failure,
62–63
characteristics signaling strength,
61–62
Bull channels, 157, 226–228, 238,
290–291, 328, 356, 357–358
scaling into, 556–557
Bull entry bar lows, 140
Bull ﬂags, 71, 330, 347. See also Bear
channels; Double bottom bull ﬂags
chart and bar analysis, 217, 218–219,
220
double bottom bull, 213–225, 230
with-trend, 217
Bull pullbacks, 207–208, 261
and bar counting, 33–34
Bull reversal bar characteristics, 30–32
Bull signal bar highs, 141
Bull trap, 372
Bull trend line, 150

INDEX
577
Bull trend pullbacks, 185–186,
207–208
Bull trends, 185–186, 188
buying pullbacks in, 541–542
limit order entries in, 499, 502
sequence for signs of weakness in,
205–206
tight trading range in, 390–391
Buy climaxes, 359–361, 363, 441
Buy stops:
on pullbacks, 58
worst-case, 94
Candle pattern traps, 89
Channel fading, 504–505
Channel lines, 140
Channels, 157, 187. See also Tight
trading ranges
bear channel, 175, 231, 330, 347, 357
(see also Bull ﬂags)
bull channels, 226–228, 328
directional probability within,
473
evolving into trading ranges,
330
fading, 504–505
scaling in during, 563–564
steep, 332
Characteristics:
of bear breakouts, 29–30
bear reversal bar, 31, 32–33
of bull breakouts, 28–29
of bull reversal bars, 30-32
of strong trends, 26–28
Cherry-picking, 422
Chess, 23
Climactic reversal, 339, 379
Climaxes:
buy, 359–361, 363, 441
probability of success, 441
sell, 306, 360, 362, 364, 441
Commissions, and proﬁtability of
trades, 457, 459
Computer-generated trading, 3–4. See
also Algorithms
Consecutive losers, waiting for, 383
Continuation patterns, 319, 323, 336
tight trading range as, 404
trading ranges and, 338
Contracting triangle, 411
Countertrend entries, 166
Countertrend scalping, 97, 330–331
Countertrend trades, 172–173, 190, 331
and limit order entries, 501
scaling into, 544–545
Crashes, 23–24
Cup and handle. See Breakout
pullbacks
Daily pivots, 141
Day trading, background of, 420
Descending triangle, 411
Directional certainty, 472
Directional probability, 336, 465–480
advantages of, for beginning traders,
468
chart and bar analysis, 476–478
in scalping, 478, 479–480
Discretionary traders, 144
Dodgson, Charles Lutwidge, 474
Doji, 520
Dollar cost averaging, 545
Double bottom bull ﬂags, 213–225,
230
chart and bar analysis, 218–219, 220
Double bottom pullback, 221
Double bottoms, 116, 264, 503
Double top bear ﬂags, 186–187,
213–217, 256
Double tops and bottoms, 264, 319,
321–322
Down pullback, 70

578
INDEX
Dueling lines, 313–318
chart and bar analysis, 315–316, 317,
318
pullbacks, 315–316
variant, 318
Edges, acting on, 470–471
Edwards and Magee, 8–9
Elliott Wave traders, 124
Emotions, 335
Entering on limits, 493–516
and breakouts, 499–500
useful situations for, 494–499
Entering on stops, 491–492
Entries. See also Limit order entries;
Scaling in/out
breakout entries, 82–90
countertrend, 166
Entry bar, 101, 491
Entry/signal bar protective stops, 180
Exhaustion gaps, 99, 119–120, 121, 127,
128, 132, 133, 137
Exit strategies, 547
Expanding triangles, 303, 393, 411, 413
chart and bar analysis, 484
Fades, 504
Fading extremes, 369–375
Fading magnets, 441
Failed breakouts, 66–67, 99–100, 114,
378, 402–403
Failed double bottom, 223–224, 230
Federal Open Market Committee
(FOMC) report, 337
Fibonacci retracement
levels/projections, 141
Final ﬂag breakout, 101, 115, 117, 337
Final ﬂags, 180, 503
Final ﬂag slope, 117
Final pullback of trend, 104
First moving average gap bars, 239–243
First sequence pullback, 205–212
Flags, 192
bear ﬂag, 71, 104, 151, 325
bull ﬂags (see Bull ﬂags)
double bottom bull, 213–225, 230
double top bear, 186–187, 213–217,
256
ﬁnal, 180, 503
ﬁnal ﬂag breakout, 101, 115, 117, 337
ﬁnal ﬂag slope, 117
tight trading ranges as, 404, 405–406
types of, 77–78
Follow-through, breakouts and, 85,
96–97
Forced-selling plunges, 72
Fractal markets, 259
Fundamental analysis, 4, 144–146
Gambling, 20–23
Gap bars, 233–238
Gaps, 119–137
between bar open and close of
previous bar, 137
breakout/breakaway (see
Breakout/breakaway gaps)
and breakout points, 126–127
chart and bar analysis, 130–133,
134–136, 137, 235–236, 237–238,
241–242, 243
deﬁned, 166, 239
different types, on daily chart,
128–129
exhaustion gaps, 99, 119–120, 121,
127, 128, 132, 133, 137
intraday, 134–136
measured moves based on, 165–174
measuring, 99, 119, 121, 123–125,
128, 132, 136, 167–169, 174
micro measuring gaps, 125, 136
moving average gaps, 123, 233–238,
239–243, 247–248

INDEX
579
negative, 125, 136, 166
trend bars and, 120–122, 130–133
twenty gap bars, 233–238, 247–248
and wedges, 305
Head and shoulders bear ﬂag, 221
Head and shoulders tops and bottoms,
319–320, 325, 340
chart and bar analysis, 323–324,
325
HFT Firms, 420, 438, 449, 452, 458
Higher high breakout pullback, 307
High-frequency trading ﬁrms (HFTs),
420, 438, 449, 452, 458
High/low patterns (1, 2, 3, 4), 259–300
chart and bar analysis, 284, 285–286,
287, 288–289, 290–291, 292–294,
295–296, 297–299
ii patterns, 280, 373, 411, 414, 527
Indicators, 9–11
Inertia, 139–140, 155
Inﬂection, 46
Inﬂection area, 36
Initial breakouts, 81–90
Initial entries, 440, 447, 461, 558
Initial stops, 525–527
Institutional trading, 2–4, 144–145,
333–334, 445–452. See also
High-frequency trading ﬁrms
(HFTs)
effect on market volume, 462
and scaling in/out, 554–555
Intraday gaps, 134–136
Inverse charts, 282–283
Investors, vs. traders, 419
ioi pattern, 400–401
Late breakouts, 105
Late bull trap, 249–251
Late stop runs, 247–248
Leg 1 = leg 2 move, 154, 159–161
Limit order entries, 379, 493–516
and barbwire patterns, 504
and breakouts, 499–500
in bull trends, 499, 502
chart and bar analysis, 506–508,
509–511, 514–515
fading tests of lines with, 514–515
probability of success, 439
purpose of, 501
on quiet days, 509–511
scalping and, 505
in tight trading ranges, 386
and trend channel lines, 516
useful situations for, 494–499
Limit order exits, 455, 458, 460
Limit order setups, 368, 512–513
Long positions:
scaling into, 551–553
setups in trading ranges, 351
Low patterns (1, 2, 3, 4). See High/low
patterns (1, 2, 3, 4)
Low-probability trades, 261
Magnets, 139–151, 175, 177. See also
Measured moves;
Support/resistance
big trend bar extremes as, 181
chart and bar analysis, 181
failed reversals, 175–177
types of, 179–180
Market activity spectrum, 447–448
Market balance, 158
Market crashes, 23–24
Market imbalance, 333
Market inertia, 139–140, 155
Market order trade setups, 368,
499
Market uncertainty, 13–14
Martingale techniques, 20, 23, 345, 383,
396

580
INDEX
Mathematics of trading, 437–480
algorithms, 450–452, 458–459, 462
directional probability, 336, 450–452,
465–480
overreliance on, 463–464
probabilities for success, 438–441
and proﬁt taking, 540
trader’s equation, 441–451, 455,
456–478
Measured moves, 85, 124, 140
based on bear spike, 163
based on gaps and trading ranges,
165–174
based on middle of trading range,
162
based on size of ﬁrst leg, 153–164
chart and bar analysis, 159, 160–161,
162, 163, 164
deﬁned, 153
and double bottom bull ﬂag,
225–229
following spike, 164
proﬁt taking and, 170–171
pullback entries and, 154
spike and channel trends and, 155
uncertainty and, 336
Measured move targets, 179
Measuring gaps, 99, 119, 121, 123–124
chart and bar analysis, 128, 167,
168–169, 174
micro measuring gaps, 125, 136
trend bars and, 132
Media reports, 146–147
and breakouts, 337
importance of ignoring, 14–19, 88
Micro channels, 187
and barbwire behavior, 387
micro channel breakouts, 187, 343,
521
Micro gaps, 136
Micro measuring gaps, 125, 136
Momentum:
in double bottoms, 116
in trading ranges, 334
Momentum programs, 72, 184
Momentum traders, 67
Money management stops, 517,
520–521
Moving average gaps, 123, 239–243
chart and bar analysis, 241–242, 243
twenty gap bars, 233–238, 247–248
Moving average pullbacks, 385, 481
chart and bar analysis, 212
Moving average pullback short, 487
Moving averages, 140, 150
pullbacks and, 208
pullbacks to, 212
trading ranges and, 338, 386
Negative gaps, 125, 136, 166
Negative measuring gaps, 125
News reports, 146–147
and breakouts, 337
importance of ignoring, 14–19, 88
OCO orders, 536
One-legged pullbacks, 189
Pause bars, 96–97, 191
“Perfect” trade, 437–438
Personality traits, 6
Price action, 7–9, 10–12, 17
Price action entry, 233
Price action stops, 517, 519
Prior swing highs/lows, 140
Probabilities, 437–480. See also
Risk/reward
algorithms, 450–452, 458–459, 462
and decision making, 454–458
directional probability, 465–480
implications of, in trading, 441–442
planning strategies, 453–454

INDEX
581
in scaling in/out, 547
for success, 438–441
trader’s equation, 441–451, 455,
456–478
Probability percentages for success in
trading, 439–441
Proﬁt taking, 41, 535–542
and measured moves, 170–171
planning for, 538
and pullbacks, 59–60, 185, 448
Proﬁt targets, 535–542
and scalping, 429–431
and spike size, 475
in swing trading, 427–429
Protective stops, 517–534
breakeven stop, 103
with breakouts, 335
chart and bar analysis, 525–527,
530–531, 532, 534
determination of size, 532
entering on, 491–492
entry/signal bar, 180
initial stops, 525–527
money management stops, 517,
520–521
price action stops, 517
on pullbacks, 58
reversing on, 522
and scaling in/out, 548
tightening, 534
in trading range trades, 367–368
trailing stops, 518, 519, 528–529
wide stops, 522–524
worst-case buy stop, 94
Protracted trends, 43
Pullback entries, 154
Pullbacks, 183–212. See also types of
pullback; Reversals
anticipating, 189, 196
and bar counting, 259–300 (see also
High/low patterns (1, 2, 3, 4))
bear pullback, 208
bear trend, 186–187, 208
on breakouts, 54–60, 203–204
bull trend, 185–186, 207–208
buying, in a bull trend, 541
deﬁned, 188, 328
double bottom, 221
double bottom bull ﬂags, 213–230
double top bear ﬂags, 213–217, 256
double tops and bottoms, 319,
321–322
dueling line pullbacks, 315–316
early entry points as targets for, 177
end of, 191–192
ﬁnal leg, 187
ﬁrst moving average gap bars,
239–243
ﬁrst sequence, 205–212
growth of, 263–264
head and shoulders tops and
bottoms, 319–320, 323–324, 325,
340
higher high/lower low, 194–195
increase in size of, 210–211
and initial breakouts, 82
late bull trap, 249–251
to moving average, 212
moving average pullback short, 487
one-legged, 189
probability of success, 439
proﬁt taking and, 59–60, 185, 448,
535–542
reversals and, 198–202, 319–325
scaling into, 558–559
and scalp trades, 518
stop-run, 245
subsequent, 210–211
three-legged, 189
three-push pullbacks, 301–311
in tight trading ranges, 378
timing and traps, 245–251

582
INDEX
Pullbacks (Continued)
as trading ranges, 183, 186–187, 329,
355, 390–391
twenty gap bars, 233–238, 247–248
two-legged, 185, 189–190, 215, 263
wedges, 301–318 (see also Wedges)
Reasons for entering a trade, 482
Reporters and pundits, 146–147
and breakouts, 337
importance of ignoring, 14–17
Resistance. See Support/resistance
Reversals, 319–325
barbwire, 407–409
breakouts and, 47–48
chart and bar analysis, 177, 198–200,
201–202, 321–322, 323–324, 325,
348–350
entering on, 502–503
failed, leading to successful,
175–177
ﬁnal pullback as ﬁrst leg of new
trend, 104
high/low patterns and, 264–265
predicting, 140
proﬁt taking and, 41, 535–542
in pullbacks, 198–202
resulting in trading range day, 348
setup times for, 245–251
as trading ranges, 340, 346, 357–358
and trading ranges, 362–366
wedge reversal, 301, 304–305
Reversal setups, 190
Reversal signals, 464
Rising wedge, 415
Risk/reward. See also Probabilities
in breakouts, 67–68
for different probabilities of success,
439–441, 442–446
and directional probability, 465–480
high/low patterns and, 261
reward equaling risk, 530–531
in scaling in/out, 546
in trading breakouts, 54
Round numbers, 180
Routines, 464
Rules in trading, 11–13, 22–23
“Need Two Reasons to Take a
Trade,” 481–490
proﬁt targets, 464
for reversals, 199
risk/reward, 421, 538
scaling in/out, 545, 547
trading ranges, 382, 385–386
Scaling in/out, 38, 267, 344, 543–566
all the way up, 556–557
during channels, 563–564
chart and bar analysis, 549–550,
551–553, 554–555, 556–557,
558–559, 560–562, 563–564,
565–566
with countertrend trades, 544–545
institutional trading and, 554–555
long positions, 551–553
and protective stops, 519, 548
pullbacks, 558–559
during spikes, 560–562
variables of, 546–547
Scalping/scalp trades, 92, 142, 231, 272,
330, 419–426, 428–431, 433
algorithms for, 450–451
countertrend, 97, 331
deﬁned, 419
institutional, 449–450
and limit order entries, 505
probabilities in, 443, 447, 458
probability of success, 426, 439
probability requirements in, 478,
479–480
proﬁt targets and, 429–431
pullbacks and, 518

INDEX
583
trade management for, 537
in trading ranges, 341, 343, 369–375
Second entries, 548
Second moving average gap bar
entries, 241–242
Sell climaxes, 306, 360, 362, 364, 441
Sell vacuum, 448, 500
Setups:
breakout mode setup, 49
breakout pullback, 54–60, 112–113
for limit orders, 368, 512–513
long setups in trading ranges, 351
for market orders, 368, 499
for reversals, 190
short setups (see Short setups)
in swing trading, 424–429
in tight trading ranges, 381
for trading ranges, 276–277, 367–368,
381
for trading range trades, 367–368
Short setups, 344
moving average pullback short, 487
probability of success, 439, 440
protective stops in, 527
in trading ranges, 351
Signal bars, 101, 282–283, 343, 351, 491
Sloping tight trading ranges, 398–399
Small breakout bars, 79
Spike and channel pattern, 68, 69, 83,
101, 155, 179, 215, 308
chart and bar analysis, 300
Spike phase of trends, 37–38
Spikes:
breakout spikes, 54–56
in measured moves, 154–158
measured moves based on, 154
probability of success, 439–440
and proﬁt potential, 475
scaling in during, 560–562
and trading ranges, 354
Stairs patterns, 101, 102
Steep channels, 332
Stop entries, 394–395, 396–397
Stop-run pullback, 245
Stops, 517–534, 565–566. See also
Protective stops
breakeven stop, 103, 109
with breakouts, 335
entering on, 491–492, 493
money management stops, 517,
520–521
price action stops, 517
on pullbacks, 58
in trading range trades, 367–368
worst-case buy stop, 94
Strong bear reversal bar
characteristics, 32–33
Strong bull reversal bar
characteristics, 31–32
Strong trend characteristics, 26–28
Strong trends:
breakout entries in existing, 91–97
entries in, 70
Subsequent pullbacks:
chart and bar analysis, 210–211
Support/resistance, 139
breaking through, 143
chart and bar analysis, 148–149,
150–151
forms of, 140–141
swing highs/lows, 149
trading ranges as, 149
trend reversals and, 144–145
in wedge pullbacks, 313–314
Swing highs/lows, 149, 179
Swing trading, 420, 423–429
algorithms for, 450
chart and bar analysis, 351–352,
432–433, 434–436
early exits in, 425–426
probability of success, 426, 447,
463–464

584
INDEX
Swing trading (Continued)
protective stops in, 518
trade management in, 427, 537
in trading ranges, 351–352
ups and downs in, 434–436
Targets, 184
Technical analysis, 144–146
Television. See Media reports
Test of trend extreme, 243
Three-legged pullbacks, 189
Three-push pullbacks, 301–311. See
also Triangles
Three-push top/bottom, 272
Tight trading ranges, 377–410
barbwire, 89, 180, 384–386, 394–395,
396–397, 400–401, 407–409, 410,
504 (see also Barbwire)
breakouts in, 379–380
chart and bar analysis, 387–388,
390–391, 394–395, 398–399, 404,
405–406
deﬁned, 377
directional probability within,
469–470
evolving into larger trading ranges,
392–393
failed breakouts in, 378
as ﬂags, 404, 405–406
limit order entries in, 379,
507–508
negatives of, 382
as pullback in bull and bear trends,
390–391
pullbacks in, 378
setups in, 381
sloping, 398–399
Time frames in trading ranges,
348–350, 353
Trade anticipation, 481
Trade entry reasons, 482
chart and bar analysis, 483, 485–486,
488, 489–490
moving average pullback short,
487
new lows in bear trend, 489–490
Traders, vs. investors, 419
Trader’s equation, 441–451, 455,
456–478
and proﬁt taking, 537–538
protective stops and, 524
variables of, 444–445
Trading:
compared to chess, 23
compared to gambling, 20–23
Trading edge, 438–441
Trading mathematics, 437–480
algorithms, 450–452, 458–459, 462
directional probability, 336, 450–452,
465–480
overreliance on, 463–464
probabilities for success, 438–441
and proﬁt taking, 540
trader’s equation, 441–451, 455,
456–478
Trading personalities, 6
Trading programs. See Algorithms
Trading range days, 245–246, 250,
348–350, 370
Trading range dilemma, 341
Trading ranges, 44
best trade setups for, 367–368
in bull trend, 186
buy/sell programs within, 332–333
channels evolving into, 330
characteristics, 328–329
chart and bar analysis, 255, 256, 257,
348–350, 351–352, 353, 354,
355–356, 357–358, 359–361,
362–366, 369–375
and continuation patterns, 336, 338
deﬁned, 166, 327

INDEX
585
directional probability within,
465–480
fading extremes for scalps in,
369–375
following buy climaxes, 359–361
high/low patterns and, 259–300
how to trade, 367–375
leading to reversals, 362–366
legs in, 253–257
magnetic effect of, 336–337
in measured moves, 154–157
measured moves based on, 165–174
momentum in, 334
and moving averages, 338, 386
pullbacks as, 183, 186–187, 329, 355
pullbacks in, 344
reversals as, 340, 346, 357–358
reversals in, 336
scalp trades in, 343
sloping, 328
after spike up and down, 354
as support and resistance, 149
swing trades in, 351–352
tight (see Tight trading ranges)
time frames of, 338–339, 348–350,
353
traditional, 328
vs. trending markets, 260
trends evolving into, 340
trends in, 346
triangles, 301
two-sided trading, 339
uncertainty in, 66, 335–336
Trading range traders, 20
Trading routines, 464
Trading rules, 11–13, 22–23
“Need Two Reasons to Take a
Trade,” 481–490
proﬁt targets, 464
for reversals, 199
risk/reward, 421, 538
scaling in/out, 545, 547
trading ranges, 382, 385–386
Traditional ﬁrms, 438
Trailing stops, 518, 519, 538
chart and bar analysis, 528–529
Transitions in sentiment, 41
Traps, 245–251
bear trap, 342
candle pattern trap, 89
late bull trap, 249–251
Trend bars, 66
as gaps, 130–133
gaps and, 120–122
Trend channel lines, 143–144, 148, 179,
315, 516
Trend extreme, 243
Trending markets, 67
vs. trading ranges, 260
Trend legs, 253–257
Trend lines, 140, 143, 148, 150, 179, 315,
514–515
Trend resumption day, 380–381
Trend reversals, 47–48, 103, 144–145,
439, 520
Trends:
bear trend (see Bear trends)
bull trend (see Bull trends)
determining strength of, 92
early entry in, 471–472
evolving into trading ranges, 340
highs and lows in, 269
missing, 479
protracted, 43
spike phase, 37–38
trading ranges and, 327, 346
Trend strength, 233–238, 239–240
Triangles, 301, 411–415. See also
Wedges
ascending/contracting, 411
chart and bar analysis, 415
expanding, 303, 393, 411, 413, 484

586
INDEX
Twenty gap bars, 233–238, 247–
248
Two-legged moves, 253–257
spike and channel, 300
two-legged pullback, 185, 189–190,
215, 263
two-legged sideways, 70
Two-sided trading, 68, 188, 228, 329,
331–332, 339
Uncertainty, 335–336
Urgency, 335
Vacuum effect, 142, 192, 333, 500
Volatility, 521
Volume:
and breakouts, 50–51, 69
effect of institutional trading on,
462
Wall of worry, 426
Weak traders, 43–44
Wedges, 101, 188, 265, 301–311
chart and bar analysis, 303, 304, 305,
306, 307, 308, 309, 311, 315–316,
317–318
limit orders and, 503
rising, 415
wedge bear ﬂag, 303–304, 306, 307,
439
wedge bull ﬂag, 305, 308, 311, 356,
439
wedge ﬂags, 104, 172, 216, 230–231,
302, 309
wedge pullback to trend line,
313–318
wedge reversal, 301, 304–305
wedge top, 257
Wide protective stops, 522–524
Worst-case buy stop, 94