My day trading setup
我的当日交易设置
December 20, 2020 By Al Brooks
2020 年 12 月 20 日 作者：阿尔·布鲁克斯
发帖
Although it might be hard to believe, my day trading setup uses only a single 13″
laptop for my trading. It has my charts and a trading platform from one or two
brokers. A trader does not need any more than this to make money. Just print out a
5-minute chart of any market at the end of the day and you will see many trades.
With experience, you might see potential trades on almost every bar on the chart!
尽管可能难以置信，但我的日间交易设置仅使用一台 13 英寸笔记本电脑进行交易。它有我的图
表和一两个经纪人的交易平台。交易者不需要更多的东西就能赚钱。只要在当天结束时打印出任
何市场的 5 分钟图表，您就会看到许多交易。凭借经验，您可能会在图表上的几乎每个柱上看到
潜在的交易！
My chart for day trading the 5-minute Emini has two exponential moving averages (EMAs), each based
on 20 bars. The solid blue line is the 20-bar EMA of the 5-minute chart. The dashed line is the EMA of
the 20-bar EMA from the 60-minute chart, but I wrote the indicator in a way that allows me to plot it on
the 5-minute chart (I put the TradeStation EasyLanguage code below).
我的 5 分钟 Emini 日内交易图表有两个指数移动平均线 (EMA)，每个均线基于 20 个柱。蓝色实
线是 5 分钟图表的 20 条 EMA。虚线是 60 分钟图表中 20 根 EMA 的 EMA，但我编写该指标的方
式允许我将其绘制在 5 分钟图表上（我将 TradeStation EasyLanguage 代码放在下面）。
Only need one chart
只需要一张图表
During 99% of the day, I am looking at a single 5-minute chart, which is usually the
Emini, but I also sometimes trade Forex markets, bond futures, crude oil, natural
gas, stocks, and options. I sometimes look at 60-minute, daily, weekly, and
monthly charts.
一天中 99% 的时间里，我都在看一张 5 分钟图表，通常是 Emini，但有时我也会交易外汇市
场、债券期货、原油、天然气、股票和期权。我有时会查看 60 分钟、日线、周线和月线图表。
Brooks Trading Course 布鲁克斯交易课程
Sign Up Now · Only $399
立即注册 · 只需 399 美元
 
Your edge for trading consistently well
您持续良好交易的优势
Want to Keep in Touch?
想保持联系吗？
Add Me to Al’s BTC Mailing List Weekly
market report & occasional BTC news
updates. Your email never sold or shared.
No spam, ever.
将我添加到 Al 的 BTC 邮件列表 每周市场报告
和不定期的 BTC 新闻更新。您的电子邮件从未
被出售或共享。永远没有垃圾邮件。
Latest Blog Posts 最新博客文章
Emini Bears Halting Buying Pressure
Emini 承受着停止购买压力的压力
Emini Pullback to Moving Average Likely
Emini 可能回调至移动平均线
Emini Consecutive Buy Climaxes on Daily
Chart
Emini日线图上连续出现买入高潮
Emini Weak High 1 Buy Signal Bar
Emini 弱高 1 买入信号线
Bitcoin potential short-term break down
shift from $70000
比特币潜在短期突破7万美元
EURUSD Bears Need Follow-through
欧元兑美元空头需要跟进
Latest Blog Post Comments
最新博客文章评论
PB on Emini Pullback to Moving Average
Likely
Emini 的PB 可能会回调至移动平均线
Search this website...
Se
English»
About the Course»
Blog
Learn to Trade»
Forum
Online Course»
Log In
赞

I have a second laptop that I use for my BrooksPriceAction.com Trading Room, and
it additionally has thumbnail windows of the 15- and 60-minute Emini charts, which
I use for teaching purposes in the trading room.
我有第二台笔记本电脑，用于我的 BrooksPriceAction.com 交易室，它还具有 15 分钟和 60
分钟 Emini 图表的缩略图窗口，我在交易室中将其用于教学目的。
It does not matter what type of chart a trader uses. Some prefer charts based on
time, and others prefer charts based on ticks, volume, or other factors.
交易者使用什么类型的图表并不重要。有些人喜欢基于时间的图表，而另一些人则喜欢基于价格
变动、交易量或其他因素的图表。
The reason it does not matter is that they all show the same thing. They are simply
a record of the trades that have taken place. Technical traders look for repeating
patterns that help them anticipate what the market might do next.
这并不重要的原因是它们都显示相同的内容。它们只是已发生交易的记录。技术交易者寻找重复
的模式来帮助他们预测市场下一步可能会发生什么。
Time can be as important as price
时间和价格一样重要
What type of chart is a 5-minute chart? It is usually incorrectly called a price chart.
All 2-dimensional charts have at least two dimensions. The dimensions are
variables and both contribute to a trend. Although a trend cannot be present
without price moving up or down, in some trends, time can be more important than
price, especially early on.
5 分钟图是什么类型的图表？它通常被错误地称为价格图表。所有二维图表都至少有两个维度。
维度是变量，两者都会影响趋势。尽管价格不上涨或下跌就不可能呈现趋势，但在某些趋势中，
时间可能比价格更重要，尤其是在早期。
For example, if there is a bear trend and the market drifts up for a few bars,
traders expect the bear trend to resume soon. They refer to the bounce as a bear
flag or a pullback, which means they believe it is temporary and that the bear trend
is still intact.
例如，如果出现熊市趋势并且市场上涨了几根柱线，交易者预计熊市趋势很快就会恢复。他们将
反弹称为熊旗或回调，这意味着他们认为这是暂时的，熊市趋势仍然完好无损。
However, that is not guaranteed. It is common to see a bear flag continue to pull
back higher and higher, and then suddenly the market breaks out to the upside,
and converts the bear flag into a bull trend (a bull breakout above a bear flag).
然而，这并不能保证。常见的情况是，熊旗持续回调得越来越高，然后市场突然向上突破，并将
熊旗转变为牛市趋势（牛市突破熊旗之上）。
The bull trend began at the bear low, but the first 5 to 10 bars of the bull were
weak and were more likely part of a bear flag. When the bull trend was beginning,
the chart was still in a bear flag. That meant that a resumption of the bear trend
was more likely than a reversal into a bull trend.
牛市趋势始于熊市低点，但牛市的前 5 至 10 根柱线较弱，更有可能是熊市旗形的一部分。当牛
市趋势开始时，图表仍处于熊市旗形。这意味着恢复熊市趋势比逆转牛市趋势更有可能。
But all of those bars that worked slowly higher in the bear flag indicated that the
bulls were relentless. Even though the pattern was still a pullback in a bear trend,
the bulls were owning a lot of bars. They were in control for a long time. It was only
after the market broke strongly to the upside, that traders concluded that the price
was trending up (instead of temporarily bouncing in a bear trend).
但所有那些在熊旗中缓慢走高的柱线都表明多头是无情的。尽管该形态仍然是熊市趋势中的回
调，但多头持有大量金条。他们控制了很长一段时间。只有在市场强劲上行之后，交易者才得出
结论，价格正在上涨（而不是暂时在熊市趋势中反弹）。
RE: That's how I saw it. Just got at it. Not su
if getting it right?
回复：我就是这么看的。刚刚开始。不确定是否正确
Thu Jun 20, 2024
2024 年 6 月 20 日星期四
By mike , 14 hours ago
作者：迈克 14 小时前
RE: 14B Trends - Entry points
RE: 14B 趋势 - 切入点
Hi Geraldine, From my understanding, the 80%
failure ...
嗨杰拉尔丁，根据我的理解，80% 的失败......
By Mr. Carpet , 1 day ago
作者：地毯先生 , 1 天前
RE: 30B Deep PBs
RE: 30B 深 PB
Hi Noah, I think the key is to look for breaks abo
...
嗨，诺亚，我认为关键是寻找上面的突破点......
By Mr. Carpet , 1 day ago
作者：地毯先生 , 1 天前
RE: 14B Trends - Entry points
RE: 14B 趋势 - 切入点
Fabulous. Thank you so much.
极好。太感谢了。
By Geraldine , 1 day ago
作者：杰拉尔丁 , 1 天前
30B Deep PBs
30B 深 PB
Hey there When we have a deep PB like this, Al
said i...
嘿，当我们有这样的深度 PB 时，阿尔说我...
PB on Emini Pullback to Moving Average
Likely
Emini 的PB 可能会回调至移动平均线
Gabriel on Emini Consecutive Buy
Climaxes on Daily Chart
Gabriel 谈 Emini 日线图上的连续买入高潮
Abir Chatterjee on Emini Weak High 1 Buy
Signal Bar
Abir Chatterjee 谈 Emini 弱高 1 买入信号条
CHETAN on Emini Weak High 1 Buy Signal
Bar
CHETAN 上 Emini 弱高 1 买入信号栏
Casper on Emini Weak High 1 Buy Signal
Bar
Casper 谈 Emini 弱高 1 买入信号栏
Latest Support Forum Posts
最新支持论坛帖子

20-bar exponential moving average (EMA)
20 柱指数移动平均线 (EMA)
I use a 20-bar EMA on my intraday charts. On my 5-minute charts, I also plot the
20-bar EMA from the 60-minute chart as well, because the market often treats both
as support and resistance. A trader can additionally add the 20-bar EMA from the
15-minute chart, but it does not add much and it makes the chart cluttered. Too
many things on a chart distracts traders from the bars on the chart, and they need
to be able to see the patterns that the bars are creating to find trades.
我在日内图表上使用 20 柱 EMA。在我的 5 分钟图表上，我还绘制了 60 分钟图表中的 20 条
EMA，因为市场通常将支撑位和阻力位两者都视为。交易者还可以从 15 分钟图表中添加 20 根
EMA，但添加的内容不多，而且会使图表变得混乱。图表上的太多内容会分散交易者对图表上柱
形图的注意力，他们需要能够看到柱形图所创建的模式才能找到交易。
With High Frequency Trading firms getting so much press because some are
incredibly profitable, there is a tendency among traders to move toward smaller
and smaller time frame charts. I have noticed that there are several people
promoting these charts as a way for traders to make money. I strongly believe that
most traders will only lose and never win long-term if they use very small time
frames.
由于高频交易公司的盈利能力令人难以置信，因此受到如此多的媒体关注，交易者倾向于转向越
来越小的时间框架图表。我注意到有几个人宣传这些图表作为交易者赚钱的一种方式。我坚信，
如果大多数交易者使用非常小的时间框架，那么他们只会长期亏损而永远不会盈利。
I address the reasons in the Brooks Trading Course, but the most fundamental one
is that these charts do not give traders enough time to think clearly. This results in
them making too many mistakes. A 5-minute chart is a good place to start, and I
recommend avoiding any chart where there are more than 20 bars per hour.
我在布鲁克斯交易课程中阐述了原因，但最根本的原因是这些图表没有给交易者足够的时间来清
晰思考。这导致他们犯了太多错误。 5 分钟图表是一个很好的起点，我建议避免使用每小时超过
20 个柱的图表。
Day session or 24-hour charts?
日内交易还是 24 小时图表？
It is simply a personal preference. I have traded online years ago with many
successful traders who used 24-hour charts. They liked to take some trades before
the day session opened, and they liked the feeling of being a part of the world’s 24-
hour market. Many institutions use 24-hour charts, but many also use line charts
instead of candlestick charts, because they are trading based on factors other than
simple chart patterns.
这只是个人喜好。几年前，我曾与许多使用 24 小时图表的成功交易者进行过网上交易。他们喜
欢在日间交易开始前进行一些交易，并且喜欢成为全球 24 小时市场一部分的感觉。许多机构使
用 24 小时图表，但许多机构也使用折线图而不是烛台图，因为它们基于简单图表模式以外的因
素进行交易。
I enjoy imagining myself as somehow tied to the stock market, which is the world’s
financial epicenter, and the day session obviously mirrors it exactly. Also, I rely
heavily on trend lines, and I believe that trend lines in the day session are more
accurate because there is so much dead time overnight.
我喜欢把自己想象成与世界金融中心股票市场有某种联系，而日间交易显然准确地反映了这一
点。另外，我非常依赖趋势线，并且我相信日内的趋势线更准确，因为隔夜有很多死区时间。
I do not want to weigh those hours equally with the day session hours because
there is far less movement for extended periods of time (tight trading ranges). I
think such periods are less important. If I were trading a tick chart, it would not
matter because those protracted tight trading ranges would be compressed into a
few bars. However, on a 5-minute chart, 1 hour at 2 am occupies as much of the
By Noah Muluberhan-Berhe , 1 day ago
作者：Noah Muluberhan-Berhe ， 1 天前
RE: Walmart trading
回复：沃尔玛交易
OK, it seems nobody uses the Walmart
management scheme ...
好吧，看来没有人使用沃尔玛的管理方案......
By PB , 2 days ago
由 PB 提供，2 天前
Brooks Trading Room 布鲁克斯交易室
Blog Post Categories 博客文章类别
Announcements (18)  公告 (18)
Ask Al Q&A Transcripts (113)
Ask Al 问答记录 (113)
Bitcoin (86)   比特币 (86)
Coaching (3)   辅导 (3)
Commodities Market (1)
商品市场 (1)
Crude Oil (87)
原油 (87)
Cryptocurrency (25)  加密货币 (25)
DAX 40 (113)
德国DAX 40 (113)
Emini & Forex Daily Reports (2,396)
Emini 和外汇每日报告 (2,396)
Forex (126)  外汇 (126)
FTSE 100 (114)
富时 100 指数 (114)
Futures Market (17)
期货市场 (17)
Guest Traders (9)
客商 (9)
How To Trade Manual (25)
如何交易手册 (25)

screen as an hour during the day, yet it is far less significant.
我不想将这些时间与日间交易时间同等衡量，因为长时间内的波动要小得多（交易区间狭窄）。
我认为这样的时期不太重要。如果我交易的是分时图表，那并不重要，因为那些长期的紧张交易
区间将被压缩成几个柱。然而，在 5 分钟图表上，凌晨 2 点的 1 小时所占的屏幕面积与白天的
1 小时一样多，但其重要性却要低得多。
Finally, I am a minimalist and do not want to watch more than one chart. I already
see about 50 trades a day on the day session 5-minute chart, and I do not need to
see any more.
最后，我是一个极简主义者，不想看不止一张图表。我已经在日间 5 分钟图表上看到每天大约
50 笔交易，而且我不需要再看更多了。
Continuous charts or just the current contract?
连续图表还是仅当前合约？
This is an issue for futures traders because there are many expiration dates for
futures contracts. You should only be trading the “front month.” That is the contract
that is going to expire next. It is the one that has most of the volume.
这对于期货交易者来说是一个问题，因为期货合约有很多到期日。您应该只交易“近月”。那就是
接下来即将到期的合同。这是体积最大的一个。
For example, if you are trading the Emini, the front month will expire every 3
months. If today is January 12, the next contract that will expire is the March
contract. That is the one that you should trade.
例如，如果您交易 Emini，近月将每 3 个月到期。如果今天是 1 月 12 日，则下一个到期的合
同是 3 月合同。这就是您应该交易的。
A week before it expires is “rollover day.” That is when the exchange will make the
June contract the front month, and it is the day when they adjust the “continuous
charts” (see below). Even though there is a week remaining in the March contract,
most day traders will switch to trading June on the day after rollover day when June
picks up most of the volume.
到期前一周是“展期日”。届时，交易所会将 6 月合约设为近月，也是他们调整“连续图表”的日子
（见下文）。尽管 3 月合约还剩一周，但大多数日内交易者都会在展期后的第二天转而交易 6
月合约，届时 6 月合约的交易量将增加。
But if you look at the monthly chart of the June contract, it will only have about 15
bars. That is because the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, which owns the Emini,
creates a new contract about 15 months before it expires.
但如果您查看 6 月合约的月线图，您会发现它只有大约 15 个柱。这是因为拥有 Emini 的芝加
哥商品交易所在到期前约 15 个月创建了一份新合约。
With only 15 bars on June’s monthly chart, traders do not have much information.
Yet, the Emini has a history that goes back to 1997. That is useful data if you are
looking at monthly charts. The exchange and brokers therefore create continuous
charts.
6 月月度图表上只有 15 个柱，交易者没有太多信息。然而，Emini 的历史可以追溯到 1997
年。如果您查看月度图表，这是有用的数据。因此，交易所和经纪商创建连续图表。
The most recent bars on the daily, weekly, and monthly charts are from the front
month, which became the front month on rollover day. Before that, the bars are
from the expired contracts. Your broker adjusts the price of all of the earlier bars on
every rollover day by adding or subtracting a constant from all prior data. There is
an industry standard about how to to calculate the constant.
日线图、周线图和月线图上的最新柱线来自即月，该月在展期日成为即月。在此之前，金条来自
于过期合约。您的经纪商在每个展期日通过从所有先前数据中添加或减去一个常数来调整所有早
期柱的价格。关于如何计算常数有一个行业标准。
As I said, I trade the front month. But for charting, I use continuous charts, even
for the 5-minute chart. This is because I can quickly toggle the chart into a daily,
Live Trades (2)
实时交易 (2)
Market Analysis (1,837)
市场分析 (1,837)
NASDAQ 100 (107)
纳斯达克 100 (107)
News (1)   新闻 (1)
Nifty 50 (108)
漂亮 50 (108)
Podcast (7)   播客 (7)
Price Action (6)
价格行为 (6)
Review (2)  评论 (2)
SP500 Emini (120)
SP500 艾米妮 (120)
Special Report (5)
特别报道 (5)
Stock Market (4)
股票市场 (4)
Trading Platforms (2)
交易平台 (2)
Trading Strategies (10)
交易策略 (10)
Video (91)   视频 (91)
Webinars & Lectures (30)
网络研讨会和讲座 (30)
Workshop (2)   工作坊 (2)
Al Brooks Social Media
艾尔·布鲁克斯社交媒体

weekly, or monthly chart. When I do, I want to see more bars than are present on
the chart of the front month. Today’s 5-minute chart is exactly the same for the
front month and the continuous chart, because the continuous chart has been using
the front month since rollover.
正如我所说，我交易即月。但对于图表，我使用连续图表，即使是 5 分钟图表。这是因为我可以
快速将图表切换为每日、每周或每月图表。当我这样做时，我希望看到比即月图表上显示的更多
的柱形图。今天的 5 分钟图表对于近月图表和连续图表完全相同，因为连续图表自展期以来一直
使用近月图表。
EasyLanguage for indicators
EasyLanguage 指标
I wrote indicators in TradeStation’s EasyLanguage that very accurately plot the 15-
and 60-minute EMAs on the 5-minute chart.
我在 TradeStation 的 EasyLanguage 中编写了指标，非常准确地在 5 分钟图表上绘制 15 分
钟和 60 分钟 EMA。
15-minute EMA plotted on a 5-minute chart
5 分钟图表上绘制的 15 分钟 EMA
Inputs: length(20);
If CurrentBar = 60 then Value1 = xaverage(C, 60);
If CurrentBar > 60 then begin
If Fracportion(time/15) = 0 then begin
value1 = value1[1] + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] );
Value2 = value1;
Plot1(value1, "15 min 20EMA");
end
else begin
Value2 = value1 + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] );
Plot1(value2, "15 min 20EMA");
end;end;
60-minute EMA plotted on a 5-minute chart
5 分钟图表上绘制的 60 分钟 EMA
Inputs: length(20);
If CurrentBar = 240 then Value1 = xaverage(C, 240);
If CurrentBar > 240 then begin
If Fracportion((time – 30)/100) = 0 or time =1315 then begin
value1 = value1[1] + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] );
Value2 = value1;
Plot1(value1, "60 min 20EMA");
end
else begin
Value2 = value1 + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] );
Plot1(value2, "60 min 20EMA");
end;end;
Bar count number indicator for 5-minute chart
5 分钟图表的条形计数指示器
You can download an indicator for TradeStation to add bar numbers for the 5-
minute chart.
您可以下载 TradeStation 的指标来添加 5 分钟图表的柱数。
Download bar count number indicator
下载条数指示器
 

My Setup for Day Trading: Daily, Weekly, and
Monthly charts
我的日间交易设置：每日、每周和每月图表
I have 50-, 100-, 150-, and 200-bar simple moving averages (MAs) on my daily, weekly, and monthly
charts, but rarely pay attention to them when deciding to place trades. Like all moving averages, they
are often areas of support and resistance, but I find other types of support and resistance to be more
reliable.
我的日线、周线和月线图表上有 50、100、150 和 200 条简单移动平均线 (MA)，但在决定进行
交易时很少关注它们。与所有移动平均线一样，它们通常是支撑和阻力区域，但我发现其他类
型的支撑和阻力更可靠。
Trade all markets and time frames the same
以相同的方式交易所有市场和时间范围
How to trade different time frames in Forex markets? Trade them the same way!
如何在外汇市场的不同时间范围内进行交易？以同样的方式交易它们！
One of the basic tenets of price action is that markets are fractal. This means that if
you remove the axes, you cannot tell if the chart is a 5-minute, 60-minute, daily,
weekly, or any other type of chart.
价格行为的基本原则之一是市场是分形的。这意味着，如果删除轴，您将无法判断该图表是 5 分
钟、60 分钟、每日、每周还是任何其他类型的图表。
The charts simply represent human behavior, which is genetically based and
reflected on every chart, regardless of time frame. Price action traders see all
charts as the same, and use the same techniques on all of them, and you will, too,

after you learn how to trade.
这些图表只是代表了人类的行为，这种行为是基于基因的，并反映在每个图表上，无论时间范围
如何。价格行为交易者将所有图表视为相同，并对所有图表使用相同的技术，在您学习如何交易
后，您也会这样做。
Are there just a couple of entries a day?
一天只有几个条目吗？
I often read posts about how to trade where the authors make it sound like you can
only take trades on a small percentage of the bars. Well, the institutions are trading
heavily on every bar, and if you want to make money, you have to copy what they
are doing.
我经常阅读有关如何交易的文章，其中作者听起来好像您只能在一小部分柱上进行交易。好吧，
这些机构在每条柱上都进行了大量交易，如果你想赚钱，你就必须复制他们正在做的事情。
You will soon learn that there is usually a way to make a profitable long trade, and
a profitable short trade at every moment, and that is why there are institutions
buying while others are selling all day long. Many are trading for tiny profits and
others are hedging and scaling in and out.
您很快就会了解到，通常有一种方法可以在任何时刻进行有利可图的多头交易和有利可图的空头
交易，这就是为什么有些机构整天买入而另一些机构则卖出。许多人为了微薄的利润而进行交
易，而另一些人则进行对冲和扩大或缩小规模。
All of this is beyond what most individual traders should be doing, but there are far
more logical entries every day that what candle pattern sites would have you
believe.
所有这些都超出了大多数个人交易者应该做的事情，但是每天都有比蜡烛形态网站让您相信的更
合乎逻辑的条目。
Here are several reasonable stop entry setups. I show each buy entry with a green rectangle and each
sell entry with a red rectangle. These are from an Always In perspective. If a trader was trying to be
Always In or nearly Always In a position all day, and he was not currently in the market, these entries
would be logical times for him to enter.
以下是几种合理的止损进场设置。我用绿色矩形显示每个买入条目，用红色矩形显示每个卖出
条目。这些都是从“永远在”的角度来看的。如果交易者试图全天始终处于或几乎始终处于某个
位置，并且他当前不在市场中，那么这些入场点对于他来说是合乎逻辑的入场时间。
Should you enter or exit on every bar as you day trade futures, foreign exchange,
or the stock market online? Obviously not, but be aware that there are trading
opportunities at every second of the day, not just when a certain major pattern is
present.
当您在线交易期货、外汇或股票市场时，您应该在每个柱上进场或出场吗？显然不是，但要注
意，一天中的每一秒都存在交易机会，而不仅仅是出现某种主要模式时。

If you understand the market cycle, what the market is doing at the moment, and
how to structure and manage trades, you are in a position to make a profitable
trade at any time of the day.
如果您了解市场周期、市场目前正在做什么以及如何构建和管理交易，您就可以在一天中的任何
时间进行有利可图的交易。
I discuss techniques for entering at all phases of the market cycle. Most traders feel
comfortable with a particular approach and will not take trades during most market
conditions. We all have our own personality traits and each is better suited for
different environments. Part of our journey is to learn our comfort zone and try to
stay there when trading.
我讨论了进入市场周期各个阶段的技巧。大多数交易者对特定的方法感到满意，并且不会在大多
数市场条件下进行交易。我们都有自己的性格特征，并且每个人都更适合不同的环境。我们旅程
的一部分是了解我们的舒适区并在交易时尝试留在舒适区。
The Brooks Trading Course discusses entry and exit techniques, as well as money
management, for all parts of the market cycle, and I designed it to help you learn
how to trade.
布鲁克斯交易课程讨论了市场周期各个部分的进场和出场技术以及资金管理，我设计它是为了帮
助您学习如何交易。
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual.
感谢您阅读我的《如何进行价格行为交易》手册。
The next article is What trading account size do I need to trade?
下一篇文章是我需要多大的交易账户规模才能进行交易？
Complete list of links for all How to Trade Price Action Manual chapters.
《如何交易价格行为手册》所有章节的完整链接列表。
发帖
Filed Under: How To Trade Manual Tagged With: Day Trading
About Al Brooks 关于阿尔布鲁克斯
Al Brooks is a full time professional price action day trader who understands what
a trader goes through to achieve his goal of making money, and he is a strong
advocate for individual traders. Al teaches you how to trade online like a
professional with his best selling price action trading books, the Brooks Trading
Course videos, and through the many articles on this website. You can contact Al here.
艾尔·布鲁克斯 (Al Brooks) 是一名全职专业价格行为日间交易员，他了解交易员为实现赚钱目标所经历的过
程，并且是个人交易员的坚定拥护者。 Al 通过他最畅销的价格行为交易书籍、布鲁克斯交易课程视频以及本
网站上的许多文章教您如何像专业人士一样在线交易。您可以在这里联系阿尔。
Risk Disclosure 风险披露
Futures and forex trading contains substantial risk
and is not for every investor. An investor could
potentially lose all or more than the initial
investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost
without jeopardizing ones’ financial security or life
style. Only risk capital should be used for trading and
only those with sufficient risk capital should consider
trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative
Hypothetical Performance Disclosure
假设业绩披露
Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No
representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those
shown; in fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual
results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program.
假设的性能结果有许多固有的局限性，其中一些如下所述。不表示任何账户将会或可能实现与所示类似的利润或损失；事实上，
假设的业绩结果与任何特定交易程序随后实现的实际结果之间经常存在巨大差异。
One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of
hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record
can completely account for the impact of financial risk of actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand
losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also
赞

of future results.
期货和外汇交易存在巨大风险，并不适合每个投资者。投资者
可能会损失全部或超过初始投资。风险资本是可以在不危及个
人财务安全或生活方式的情况下损失的资金。只有风险资本才
可以用于交易，并且只有拥有足够风险资本的人才可以考虑进
行交易。过去的表现并不一定代表未来的结果。
The trading room is for educational purposes only and
opinions expressed are those of the presenter only.
All trades presented should be considered
hypothetical and should not be expected to be
replicated in a live trading account.
交易室仅用于教育目的，所表达的意见仅代表演讲者的观点。
所提供的所有交易均应被视为假设交易，不应期望在真实交易
账户中复制。
adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to
the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of
hypothetical performance results and all which can adversely affect trading results.
假设绩效结果的局限性之一是它们通常是在事后诸葛亮的情况下准备的。此外，假设交易不涉及财务风险，任何假设交易记录都
不能完全解释实际交易的财务风险的影响。例如，承受损失的能力或在交易损失的情况下坚持特定交易计划的能力是重要的一
点，也可能对实际交易结果产生不利影响。还有许多其他因素与一般市场或与任何特定交易计划的实施相关，这些因素在准备假
设业绩结果时无法充分考虑，所有这些因素都可能对交易结果产生不利影响。
Copyright © 2024 Brooks Trading Course · Home | Disclaimer & Agreement | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Contact Us
版权所有 © 2024 布鲁克斯交易课程·首页 |免责声明及协议 |隐私政策 |网站地图 |联系我们
English  
 英语
Português  
 葡萄牙语
Español  
 西班牙语