Trading
Price
Action
REVERSALS

Founded in 1807, John Wiley & Sons is the oldest independent publishing com-
pany in the United States. With ofﬁces in North America, Europe, Australia, and
Asia, Wiley is globally committed to developing and marketing print and electronic
products and services for our customers’ professional and personal knowledge and
understanding.
The Wiley Trading series features books by traders who have survived the mar-
ket’s ever changing temperament and have prospered—some by reinventing sys-
tems, others by getting back to basics. Whether a novice trader, professional, or
somewhere in-between, these books will provide the advice and strategies needed
to prosper today and well into the future.
For a list of available titles, please visit our Web site at www.WileyFinance.com.

Trading
Price
Action
REVERSALS
TECHNICAL ANALYSIS OF PRICE CHARTS
BAR BY BAR FOR THE SERIOUS TRADER
AL BROOKS
John Wiley & Sons, Inc.

Copyright C⃝ 2012 by Al Brooks. All rights reserved.
The ﬁrst edition of this book, titled Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar: The Technical Analysis of Price
Action for the Serious Trader, was published in 2009.
Published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., Hoboken, New Jersey.
Published simultaneously in Canada.
All charts were created with TradeStation. C⃝ TradeStation Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form
or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, or otherwise, except as
permitted under Section 107 or 108 of the 1976 United States Copyright Act, without either the prior
written permission of the Publisher, or authorization through payment of the appropriate per-copy fee
to the Copyright Clearance Center, Inc., 222 Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923, (978) 750-8400, fax
(978) 646-8600, or on the Web at www.copyright.com. Requests to the Publisher for permission should
be addressed to the Permissions Department, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 111 River Street, Hoboken, NJ
07030, (201) 748-6011, fax (201) 748-6008, or online at http://www.wiley.com/go/permissions.
Limit of Liability/Disclaimer of Warranty: While the publisher and author have used their best efforts in
preparing this book, they make no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy or com-
pleteness of the contents of this book and speciﬁcally disclaim any implied warranties of merchantabil-
ity or ﬁtness for a particular purpose. No warranty may be created or extended by sales representatives
or written sales materials. The advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for your situ-
ation. You should consult with a professional where appropriate. Neither the publisher nor author shall
be liable for any loss of proﬁt or any other commercial damages, including but not limited to special,
incidental, consequential, or other damages.
For general information on our other products and services or for technical support, please contact our
Customer Care Department within the United States at (800) 762-2974, outside the United States at (317)
572-3993 or fax (317) 572-4002.
Wiley also publishes its books in a variety of electronic formats. Some content that appears in print may
not be available in electronic books. For more information about Wiley products, visit our web site at
www.wiley.com.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data:
Brooks, Al, 1952–
Trading price action reversals : technical analysis of price charts for the serious trader / Al Brooks.
p. cm. – (The Wiley trading series)
“The ﬁrst edition of this book titled, Reading price charts bar by bar : the technical analysis of price
action for the serious trader, was published in 2009”–T.p. verso.
Includes index.
ISBN 978-1-118-06661-4 (cloth); ISBN 978-1-118-17228-5 (ebk);
ISBN 978-1-118-17229-2 (ebk); ISBN 978-1-118-17230-8 (ebk)
1. Stocks–Prices–Charts, diagrams, etc.
I. Brooks, Al, 1952– Reading price charts bar by bar.
II. Title.
HG4638.B757 2012
332.63′2042–dc23
2011029299
Printed in the United States of America
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1

I would like to dedicate this book to my daughter, Meegan Brooks, who is
adventurous, fearless, focused, and wise. She uses her boldness, common sense,
and ﬁery spirit to make our society a better place. The day Meegan was born
23 years ago was and always will be the happiest day of my life.


Contents
Acknowledgments
xi
List of Terms Used in This Book
xiii
Introduction
1
PART I
Trend Reversals: A Trend Becoming an Opposite Trend
35
CHAPTER 1
Example of How to Trade a Reversal
73
CHAPTER 2
Signs of Strength in a Reversal
79
CHAPTER 3
Major Trend Reversal
83
CHAPTER 4
Climactic Reversals: A Spike Followed
by a Spike in the Opposite Direction
111
CHAPTER 5
Wedges and Other Three-Push
Reversal Patterns
151
CHAPTER 6
Expanding Triangles
181
CHAPTER 7
Final Flags
189
CHAPTER 8
Double Top and Bottom Pullbacks
217
vii

viii
CONTENTS
CHAPTER 9
Failures
225
CHAPTER 10
Huge Volume Reversals on Daily Charts
257
PART II
Day Trading
261
CHAPTER 11
Key Times of the Day
263
CHAPTER 12
Markets
271
CHAPTER 13
Time Frames and Chart Types
273
CHAPTER 14
Globex, Premarket, Postmarket,
and Overnight Market
287
CHAPTER 15
Always In
293
CHAPTER 16
Extreme Scalping
317
PART III
The First Hour (The Opening Range)
331
CHAPTER 17
Patterns Related to the Premarket
353
CHAPTER 18
Patterns Related to Yesterday:
Breakouts, Breakout Pullbacks,
and Failed Breakouts
357
CHAPTER 19
Opening Patterns and Reversals
373
CHAPTER 20
Gap Openings: Reversals and
Continuations
395
PART IV
Putting It All Together
401
CHAPTER 21
Detailed Day Trading Examples
403
CHAPTER 22
Daily, Weekly, and Monthly Charts
415
CHAPTER 23
Options
431

CONTENTS
ix
CHAPTER 24
The Best Trades: Putting It All Together
455
CHAPTER 25
Trading Guidelines
527
About the Author
541
About the Website
543
Index
545


Acknowledgments
My primary goal is to present a series of comprehensive books on price action,
and the greatest concern among readers was how difﬁcult my earlier book,
Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar, was to read. I am deeply appreciative of all
of the constructive comments that readers have provided and those from the par-
ticipants in my daily live webinars. Many of these comments were incredibly in-
sightful and I have incorporated them in this current edition. I am also thankful to
all of the traders who have been in my live trading room, because they have given
me the opportunity to say things repeatedly until I could clearly articulate what
I am seeing and doing. They have also asked many questions that have helped me
ﬁnd the words to communicate more effectively, and I have put those words in
these books.
I would like to give a special thank-you to Victor Brancale, who spent long
hours proofreading the manuscripts and providing hundreds of very helpful edits
and suggestions, and to Robert Gjerde, who built and administers my website and
has given me candid feedback on the chat room and the website. Finally, I want to
thank Ginger Szala, the Group Editorial Director of Futures magazine, for giving me
ongoing opportunities to publish articles and speak in webinars, and for regularly
giving me very helpful advice on how to become more involved with the trading
community.
xi


List of Terms
Used in This Book
All of these terms are deﬁned in a practical way to be helpful to traders and not
necessarily in the theoretical way often described by technicians.
always in
If you have to be in the market at all times, either long or short, this is
whatever your current position is (always in long or always in short). If at any time
you are forced to decide between initiating a long or a short trade and are conﬁdent
in your choice, then the market is in always-in mode at that moment. Almost all of
these trades require a spike in the direction of the trend before traders will have
conﬁdence.
barbwire
A trading range of three or more bars that largely overlap and one or
more is a doji. It is a type of tight trading range with prominent tails and often
relatively large bars.
bar pullback
In an upswing, a bar pullback is a bar with a low below the low of
the prior bar. In a downswing, it is a bar with a high above that of the prior bar.
bear reversal
A change in trend from up to down (a bear trend).
blown account
An account that your losses have reduced below the minimum
margin requirements set by your broker, and you will not be allowed to place a
trade unless you deposit more money.
breakout
The high or low of the current bar extends beyond some prior price of
signiﬁcance such as a swing high or low, the high or low of any prior bar, a trend
line, or a trend channel.
breakout bar (or bar breakout)
A bar that creates a breakout. It is usually a
strong trend bar.
breakout mode
A setup where a breakout in either direction should have follow-
through.
breakout pullback
A small pullback of one to about ﬁve bars that occurs within
a few bars after a breakout. Since you see it as a pullback, you are expecting the
breakout to resume and the pullback is a setup for that resumption. If instead you
xiii

xiv
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
thought that the breakout would fail, you would not use the term pullback and
instead would see the pullback as a failed breakout. For example, if there was a
ﬁve-bar breakout above a bear trend line but you believed that the bear trend would
continue, you would be considering shorting this bear ﬂag and not looking to buy a
pullback immediately after it broke out to the downside.
breakout test
A breakout pullback that comes close to the original entry price
to test a breakeven stop. It may overshoot it or undershoot it by a few ticks. It can
occur within a bar or two of entry or after an extended move or even 20 or more
bars later.
bull reversal
A change in trend from a downtrend to an uptrend (a bull trend).
buying pressure
Strong bulls are asserting themselves and their buying is creat-
ing bull trend bars, bars with tails at the bottoms, and two-bar bull reversals. The
effect is cumulative and usually is eventually followed by higher prices.
candle
A chart representation of price action in which the body is the area be-
tween the open and the close. If the close is above the open, it is a bull candle and
is shown as white. If it is below, it is a bear candle and is black. The lines above and
below are called tails (some technicians call them wicks or shadows).
chart type
A line, bar, candle, volume, tick, or other type of chart.
climax
A move that has gone too far too fast and has now reversed direction to
either a trading range or an opposite trend. Most climaxes end with trend channel
overshoots and reversals, but most of those reversals result in trading ranges and
not an opposite trend.
countertrend
A trade or setup that is in the opposite direction from the current
trend (the current always-in direction). This is a losing strategy for most traders
since the risk is usually at least as large as the reward and the probability is rarely
high enough to make the trader’s equation favorable.
countertrend scalp
A trade taken in the belief that there is more to go in the
trend but that a small pullback is due; you enter countertrend to capture a small
proﬁt as that small pullback is forming. This is usually a mistake and should be
avoided.
day trade
A trade where the intent is to exit on the day of entry.
directional probability
The probability that the market will move either up or
down any number of ticks before it reaches a certain number of ticks in the op-
posite direction. If you are looking at an equidistant move up and down, it hovers
around 50 percent most of the time, which means that there is a 50–50 chance that
the market will move up by X ticks before it moves down X ticks, and a 50–50
chance that it will move down X ticks before it moves up X ticks.
doji
A candle with a small body or no body at all. On a 5 minute chart, the body
would be only one or two ticks; but on a daily chart, the body might be 10 or more

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xv
ticks and still appear almost nonexistent. Neither the bulls nor the bears control
the bar. All bars are either trend bars or nontrend bars, and those nontrend bars
are called dojis.
double bottom
A chart formation in which the low of the current bar is about the
same as the low of a prior swing low. That prior low can be just one bar earlier or 20
or more bars earlier. It does not have to be at the low of the day, and it commonly
forms in bull ﬂags (a double bottom bull ﬂag).
double bottom bull ﬂag
A pause or bull ﬂag in a bull trend that has two spikes
down to around the same price and then reverses back into a bull trend.
double bottom pullback
A buy setup composed of a double bottom followed by
a deep pullback that forms a higher low.
double top
A chart formation in which the high of the current bar is about the
same as the high of a prior swing high. That prior high can be just one bar earlier
or 20 or more bars earlier. It does not have to be at the high of the day, and it
commonly forms in bear ﬂags (a double top bear ﬂag).
double top bear ﬂag
A pause or bear ﬂag in a bear trend that has two spikes up
to around the same price and then reverses back into a bear trend.
double top pullback
A sell setup composed of a double top followed by a deep
pullback that forms a lower high.
early longs
Traders who buy as a bull signal bar is forming rather than waiting
for it to close and then entering on a buy stop at one tick above its high.
early shorts
Traders who sell as a bear signal bar is forming rather than waiting
for it to close and then entering on a sell stop at one tick below its low.
edge
A setup with a positive trader’s equation. The trader has a mathematical
advantage if he trades the setup. Edges are always small and ﬂeeting because they
need someone on the other side, and the market is ﬁlled with smart traders who
won’t allow an edge to be big and persistent.
EMA
See exponential moving average (EMA).
entry bar
The bar during which a trade is entered.
exponential moving average (EMA)
The charts in these books use a 20-bar
exponential moving average, but any moving average can be useful.
fade
To place a trade in the opposite direction of the trend (for example, selling
a bull breakout that you expect to fail and reverse downward).
failed failure
A failure that fails, resuming in the direction of the original break-
out, and therefore a breakout pullback. Since it is a second signal, it is more
reliable. For example, if there is a breakout above a trading range and the bar after
the breakout is a bear reversal bar, if the market trades below that bar, the breakout
has failed. If the market then trades above the high of a prior bar within the next

xvi
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
few bars, the failed breakout has failed and now the breakout is resuming. This
means that the failed breakout became a small bull ﬂag and just a pullback from
the breakout.
failure (a failed move)
A move where the protective stop is hit before a
scalper’s proﬁt is secured or before the trader’s objective is reached, usually leading
to a move in the opposite direction as trapped traders are forced to exit at a loss.
Currently, a scalper’s target in the Emini of four ticks usually requires a six-tick
move, and a target in the QQQ of 10 ticks usually requires a move of 12 cents.
false
Failed, failure.
ﬁve-tick failure
A trade in the Emini that reaches ﬁve ticks beyond the signal
bar and then reverses. For example, a breakout of a bull ﬂag runs ﬁve ticks, and
once the bar closes, the next bar has a low that is lower. Most limit orders to take
a one-point proﬁt would fail to get ﬁlled since a move usually has to go one tick
beyond the order before it is ﬁlled. It is often a setup for a trade in the opposite
direction.
ﬂat
Refers to a trader who is not currently holding any positions.
follow-through
After the initial move, like a breakout, it is one or more bars that
extend the move. Traders like to see follow-through on the next bar and on the
several bars after that, hoping for a trend where they stand to make more proﬁt.
follow-through bar
A bar that creates follow-through after the entry bar; it is
usually the next bar but sometimes forms a couple of bars later.
fractal
Every pattern is a fractal of a pattern on a higher time frame chart. This
means that every pattern is a micro pattern on a higher time frame and every micro
pattern is a standard pattern on a smaller time frame.
gap
A space between any two price bars on the chart. An opening gap is a com-
mon occurrence and is present if the open of the ﬁrst bar of today is beyond the
high or low of the prior bar (the last bar of yesterday) or of the entire day. A mov-
ing average gap is present when the low of a bar is above a ﬂat or falling moving
average, or the high of a bar is below a ﬂat or rising moving average. Traditional
gaps (breakout, measuring, and exhaustion) on daily charts have intraday equiva-
lents in the form of various trend bars.
gap bar
See moving average gap bar.
gap reversal
A formation in which the current bar extends one tick beyond the
prior bar back into the gap. For example, if there is a gap up open and the second
bar of the day trades one tick below the low of the ﬁrst bar, this is a gap reversal.
HFT
See high-frequency trading (HFT).
higher high
A swing high that is higher than a previous swing high.
higher low
A swing low that is higher than a previous swing low.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xvii
higher time frame (HTF)
A chart covering the same amount of time as the
current chart, but having fewer bars. For example, compared to the day session
5 minute Emini chart on an average day, examples of higher time frame charts
include a 15 minute chart, a tick chart with 25,000 ticks per bar, and a volume chart
with 100,000 contracts per bar (each of these charts usually has fewer than 30 bars
on an average day, compared to the 81 bars on the 5 minute chart).
high-frequency trading (HFT)
Also known as algorithmic trading or black box
trading, it is a type of program trading where ﬁrms place millions of orders a day
in thousands of stocks to scalp proﬁts as small as a penny, and the trading is based
on statistical analysis rather than fundamentals.
high/low 1 or 2
Either a high 1 or 2 or a low 1 or 2.
high 1, 2, 3, or 4
A high 1 is a bar with a high above the prior bar in a bull ﬂag or
near the bottom of a trading range. If there is then a bar with a lower high (it can
occur one or several bars later), the next bar in this correction whose high is above
the prior bar’s high is a high 2. Third and fourth occurrences are a high 3 and 4. A
high 3 is a wedge bull ﬂag variant.
HTF
See higher time frame (HTF).
ii
Consecutive inside bars, where the second is inside the ﬁrst. At the end of a
leg, it is a breakout mode setup and can become a ﬂag or a reversal setup. A less
reliable version is a “bodies-only ii,” where you ignore the tails. Here, the second
body is inside the ﬁrst body, which is inside the body before it.
iii
Three inside bars in a row, and a somewhat more reliable pattern than an ii.
inside bar
A bar with a high that is at or below the high of the prior bar and a low
that is at or above the low of the prior bar.
institution
Also called the smart money, it can be a pension fund, hedge fund,
insurance company, bank, broker, large individual trader, or any other entity that
trades enough volume to impact the market. Market movement is the cumulative ef-
fect of many institutions placing trades, and a single institution alone usually cannot
move a major market for very long. Traditional institutions place trades based on
fundamentals, and they used to be the sole determinant of the market’s direction.
However, HFT ﬁrms now have a signiﬁcant inﬂuence on the day’s movement since
their trading currently generates most of the day’s volume. HFT ﬁrms are a special
type of institutional ﬁrm and their trading is based on statistics and not fundamen-
tals. Traditional institutions determine the direction and target, but mathematicians
determine the path that the market takes to get there.
ioi
Inside-outside-inside—three consecutive bars where the second bar is an out-
side bar, and the third bar is an inside bar. It is often a breakout mode setup where
a trader looks to buy above the inside bar or sell below it.

xviii
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
ledge
A bull ledge is a small trading range with a bottom created by two or more
bars with identical lows; a bear ledge is a small trading range with a top created by
two or more bars with identical highs.
leg
A small trend that breaks a trend line of any size; the term is used only where
there are at least two legs on the chart. It is any smaller trend that is part of a
larger trend and it can be a pullback (a countertrend move), a swing in a trend or
in a sideways market, or a with-trend move in a trend that occurs between any two
pullbacks within the trend.
likely
At least 60 percent certain.
long
A person who buys a position in a market or the actual position itself.
lot
The smallest position size that can be traded in a market. It is a share when
referring to stocks and a contract when referring to Eminis or other futures.
lower high
A swing high that is lower than a previous swing high.
lower low
A swing low that is lower than a previous swing low.
low 1, 2, 3, or 4
A low 1 is a bar with a low below the prior bar in a bear ﬂag or
near the top of a trading range. If there is then a bar with a higher low (it can occur
one or several bars later), the next bar in this correction whose low is below the
prior bar’s low is a low 2. Third and fourth occurrences are a low 3 and 4. A low 3
is a wedge bear ﬂag variant.
major trend line
Any trend line that contains most of the price action on the
screen and is typically drawn using bars that are at least 10 bars apart.
major trend reversal
A reversal from a bull to a bear trend or from a bear trend
to a bull trend. The setup must include a test of the old trend extreme after a break
of the trend line.
meltdown
A sell-off in a bear spike or a tight bear channel without signiﬁcant
pullbacks and that extends further than the fundamentals would dictate.
melt-up
A rally in a bull spike or a tight bull channel without signiﬁcant pullbacks
and that extends further than the fundamentals would dictate.
micro
Any traditional pattern can form over one to about ﬁve bars and still be
valid, although easily overlooked. When it forms, it is a micro version of the pattern.
Every micro pattern is a traditional pattern on a smaller time frame chart, and every
traditional pattern is a micro pattern on a higher time frame chart.
micro channel
A very tight channel where most of the bars have their highs and
lows touching the trend line and, often, also the trend channel line. It is the most
extreme form of a tight channel, and it has no pullbacks or only one or two small
pullbacks.
micro double bottom
Consecutive or nearly consecutive bars with lows that are
near the same price.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xix
micro double top
Consecutive or nearly consecutive bars with highs that are
near the same price.
micro measuring gap
When the bar before and the bar after a strong trend bar
do not overlap, this is a sign of strength and often leads to a measured move. For
example, if there is a strong bull trend bar and the low of the bar after it is at or
above the high of the bar before it, the midpoint between that low and that high is
the micro measuring gap.
micro trend channel line
A trend channel line drawn across the highs or lows
of three to ﬁve consecutive bars.
micro trend line breakout
A trend line on any time frame that is drawn across
from two to about 10 bars where most of the bars touch or are close to the trend
line, and then one of the bars has a false breakout through the trend line. This false
breakout sets up a with-trend entry. If it fails within a bar or two, then there is
usually a countertrend trade.
money stop
A stop based on a ﬁxed dollar amount or number of points, like two
points in the Eminis or a dollar in a stock.
moving average
The charts in this book use a 20-bar exponential moving aver-
age, but any moving average can be useful.
moving average gap bar (gap bar)
A bar that does not touch the moving aver-
age. The space between the bar and the moving average is the gap. The ﬁrst pull-
back in a strong trend that results in a moving average gap bar is usually followed
by a test of the trend’s extreme. For example, when there is a strong bull trend and
there is a pullback that ﬁnally has a bar with a high below the moving average, this
is often a buy setup for a test of the high of the trend.
nesting
Sometimes a pattern has a smaller version of a comparable pattern
“nested” within it. For example, it is common for the right shoulder of a head and
shoulders top to be either a small head and shoulders top or a double top.
news
Useless information generated by the media for the sole purpose of selling
advertising and making money for the media company. It is unrelated to trading, is
impossible to evaluate, and should always be ignored.
oio
Outside-inside-outside, an outside bar followed by an inside bar, followed by
an outside bar.
oo
Outside-outside, an outside bar followed by a larger outside bar.
opening reversal
A reversal in the ﬁrst hour or so of the day.
outside bar
A bar with a high that is above or at the high of the prior bar and a
low that is below the low of the prior bar, or a bar with a low that is below or at the
low of the prior bar and a high that is above the high of the prior bar.
outside down bar
An outside bar with a close below its open.

xx
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
outside up bar
An outside bar with a close above its open.
overshoot
The market surpasses a prior price of signiﬁcance like a swing point
or a trend line.
pause bar
A bar that does not extend the trend. In a bull trend, a pause bar has a
high that is at or below the prior bar, or a small bar with a high that is only a tick or
so higher than the previous bar when the previous bar is a strong bull trend bar. It
is a type of pullback.
pip
A tick in the foreign exchange (forex) market. However, some data vendors
provide quotes with an extra decimal place, which should be ignored.
pressing their longs
In a bull trend, bulls add to their longs as in a bull spike
and as the market breaks out to a new high, because they expect another leg up to
about a measured move.
pressing their shorts
In a bear trend, bears add to their shorts in a bear spike
and as the market breaks out to a new low, because they expect another leg down
to about a measured move.
price action
Any change in price on any chart type or time frame.
probability
The chance of success. For example, if a trader looks back at the
most recent 100 times a certain setup led to a trade and ﬁnds that it led to a prof-
itable trade 60 times, then that would indicate that the setup has about a 60 percent
probability of success. There are many variables that can never be fully tested, so
probabilities are only approximations and at times can be very misleading.
probably
At least 60 percent certain.
pullback
A temporary pause or countertrend move that is part of a trend, swing,
or leg and does not retrace beyond the start of the trend, swing, or leg. It is a small
trading range where traders expect the trend to resume soon. For example, a bear
pullback is a sideways to upward move in a bear trend, swing, or leg that will be
followed by at least a test of the prior low. It can be as small as a one-tick move
above the high of the prior bar or it can even be a pause, like an inside bar.
pullback bar
A bar that reverses the prior bar by at least one tick. In an uptrend,
it is a bar with a low below that of the prior bar.
reasonable
A setup with a favorable trader’s equation.
reversal
A change to an opposite type of behavior. Most technicians use the term
to mean a change from a bull trend to a bear trend or from a bear trend to a bull
trend. However, trading range behavior is opposite to trending behavior, so when a
trend becomes a trading range, this is also a reversal. When a trading range becomes
a trend, it is a reversal but is usually called a breakout.
reversal bar
A trend bar in the opposite direction of the trend. When a bear leg
is reversing up, a bull reversal bar is a bull trend bar, and the classic description

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxi
includes a tail at the bottom and a close above the open and near the top. A bear
reversal bar is a bear trend bar in a bull leg, and the traditional description includes
a tail at the top and a close below the open and near the bottom.
reward
The number of ticks that a trader expects to make from a trade. For ex-
ample, if the trader exits with a limit order at a proﬁt target, it is the number of ticks
between the entry price and the proﬁt target.
risk
The number of ticks from a trader’s entry price to a protective stop. It is the
minimum that the trader will lose if a trade goes against him (slippage and other
factors can make the actual risk greater than the theoretical risk).
risk off
When traders think that the stock market will fall, they become risk
averse, sell out of volatile stocks and currencies, and transition into safe-haven
investments, like Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Altria Group (MO), Procter & Gamble
(PG), the U.S. dollar, and the Swiss franc.
risk on
When traders think that the stock market is strong, they are willing to
take more risks and invest in stocks that tend to rise faster than the overall market,
and invest in more volatile currencies, like the Australian dollar or the Swedish
krona.
risky
When the trader’s equation is unclear or barely favorable for a trade. It can
also mean that the probability of success for a trade is 50 percent or less, regardless
of the risk and potential reward.
scalp
A trade that is exited with a small proﬁt, usually before there are any pull-
backs. In the Emini, when the average range is about 10 to 15 points, a scalp trade
is usually any trade where the goal is less than four points. For the SPY or stocks,
it might be 10 to 30 cents. For more expensive stocks, it can be $1 to $2. Since
the proﬁt is often smaller than the risk, a trader has to win at least 70 percent of
the time, which is an unrealistic goal for most traders. Traders should take trades
only where the potential reward is at least as great as the risk unless they are
extremely skilled.
scalper
A trader who primarily scalps for small proﬁts, usually using a tight stop.
scalper’s proﬁt
A typical amount of proﬁt that a scalper would be targeting.
scratch
A trade that is close to breakeven with either a small proﬁt or a loss.
second entry
The second time within a few bars of the ﬁrst entry where there
is an entry bar based on the same logic as the ﬁrst entry. For example, if a
breakout above a wedge bull ﬂag fails and pulls back to a double bottom bull ﬂag,
this pullback sets up a second buy signal for the wedge bull ﬂag.
second moving average gap bar setup
If there is a ﬁrst moving average gap bar
and a reversal toward the moving average does not reach the moving average, and
instead the move away from the moving average continues, it is the next reversal
in the direction of the moving average.

xxii
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
second signal
The second time within a few bars of the ﬁrst signal where there
is a setup based on the same logic as the ﬁrst signal.
selling pressure
Strong bears are asserting themselves and their selling is cre-
ating bear trend bars, bars with tails at the tops, and two-bar bear reversals. The
effect is cumulative and usually is eventually followed by lower prices.
setup
A pattern of one or more bars used by traders as the basis to place entry
orders. If an entry order is ﬁlled, the last bar of the setup becomes the signal bar.
Most setups are just a single bar.
shaved body
A candle with no tail at one or both ends. A shaved top has no tail
at the top and a shaved bottom has no tail at the bottom.
short
As a verb, to sell a stock or futures contract to initiate a new position (not
to exit a prior purchase). As a noun, a person who sells something short, or the
actual position itself.
shrinking stairs
A stairs pattern where the most recent breakout is smaller than
the previous one. It is a series of three or more trending highs in a bull trend or
lows in a bear trend where each breakout to a new extreme is by fewer ticks than
the prior breakout, indicating waning momentum. It can be a three-push pattern,
but it does not have to resemble a wedge and can be any series of broad swings in
a trend.
signal bar
The bar immediately before the bar in which an entry order is ﬁlled
(the entry bar). It is the ﬁnal bar of a setup.
smaller time frame (STF)
A chart covering the same amount of time as the
current chart, but having more bars. For example, compared to the day session
5 minute Emini chart on an average day, examples of smaller time frame charts
include a 1 minute chart, a tick chart with 500 ticks per bar, and a volume chart
with 1,000 contracts per bar (each of these charts usually has more than 200 bars
on an average day, compared to the 81 bars on the 5 minute chart).
smart traders
Consistently proﬁtable traders who are usually trading large posi-
tions and are generally on the right side of the market.
spike and channel
A breakout into a trend in which the follow-through is in the
form of a channel where the momentum is less and there is two-sided trading taking
place.
stair
A push to a new extreme in a trending trading range trend or a broad chan-
nel trend where there is a series of three or more trending swings that resembles
a sloping trading range and is roughly contained in a channel. After the breakout,
there is a breakout pullback that retraces at least slightly into the prior trading
range, which is not a requirement of other trending trading ranges. Two-way trad-
ing is taking place but one side is in slightly more control, accounting for the slope.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxiii
STF
See smaller time frame (STF).
strong bulls and bears
Institutional traders and their cumulative buying and
selling determine the direction of the market.
success
Refers to traders achieving their objective. Their proﬁt target was
reached before their protective stop was hit.
swing
A smaller trend that breaks a trend line of any size; the term is used only
when there are at least two on the chart. They can occur within a larger trend or in
a sideways market.
swing high
A bar that looks like a spike up on the chart and extends up beyond
the neighboring bars. Its high is at or above that of the bar before it and that of the
bar after it.
swing high/low
Either a swing high or a swing low.
swing low
A bar that looks like a spike down on the chart and extends down
beyond the neighboring bars. Its low is at or below that of the bar before it and that
of the bar after it.
swing point
Either a swing high or a swing low.
swing trade
For a day trader using a short-term intraday chart like the 5 minute,
it is any trade that lasts longer than a scalp and that the trader will hold through
one or more pullbacks. For a trader using higher time frame charts, it is a trade that
lasts for hours to several days. Typically, at least part of the trade is held without a
proﬁt target, since the trader is hoping for an extended move. The potential reward
is usually at least as large as the risk. Small swing trades are called scalps by many
traders. In the Emini, when the average range is about 10 to 15 points, a swing trade
is usually any trade where the goal is four or more points.
test
When the market approaches a prior price of signiﬁcance and can overshoot
or undershoot the target. The term failed test is used to mean opposite things by
different traders. Most traders believe that if the market then reverses, the test was
successful, and if it does not and the move continues beyond the test area, the test
failed and a breakout has occurred.
three pushes
Three swing highs where each swing high is usually higher or three
swing lows where each swing low is usually lower. It trades the same as a wedge
and should be considered a variant. When it is part of a ﬂag, the move can be mostly
horizontal and each push does not have to extend beyond the prior one. For exam-
ple, in a wedge bull ﬂag or any other type of triangle, the second push down can
be at, above, or below the ﬁrst, and the third push down can be at, above, or below
either the second or the ﬁrst, or both.
tick
The smallest unit of price movement. For most stocks, it is one penny; for
10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures, it is 1/64th of a point; and for Eminis, it is

xxiv
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
0.25 points. On tick charts and on time and sales tables, a tick is every trade that
takes place no matter the size and even if there is no price change. If you look at a
time and sales table, every trade is counted as one tick when TradeStation charting
software creates a tick chart.
tight channel
A channel where the trend line and trend channel line are close
together, and the pullbacks are small and last for only one to three bars.
tight trading range
A trading range of two or more bars with lots of overlap
in the bars and in which most reversals are too small to trade proﬁtably with stop
entries. The bulls and bears are in balance.
time frame
The length of time contained in one bar on the chart (a 5 minute
time frame is made of bars that close every ﬁve minutes). It can also refer to
bars not based on time, such as those based on volume or the number of ticks
traded.
tradable
A setup that you believe has a reasonable chance of leading to at least
a scalper’s proﬁt.
trader’s equation
To take a trade, you must believe that the probability of suc-
cess times the potential reward is greater than the probability of failure times the
risk. You set the reward and risk because the potential reward is the distance to
your proﬁt target and the risk is the distance to your stop. The difﬁculty in solv-
ing the equation is assigning a value to the probability, which can never be known
with certainty. As a guideline, if you are uncertain, assume that you have a 50 per-
cent chance of winning or losing, and if you are conﬁdent, assume that you have a
60 percent chance of winning and a 40 percent chance of losing.
trading range
The minimum requirement is a single bar with a range that is
largely overlapped by the bar before it. It is sideways movement and neither the
bull nor the bears are in control, although one side is often stronger. It is often a
pullback in a trend where the pullback has lasted long enough to lose most of its
certainty. In other words, traders have become uncertain about the direction of the
breakout in the short term, and the market will have repeated breakout attempts
up and down that will fail. It will usually ultimately break out in the direction of the
trend, and is a pullback on a higher time frame chart.
trailing a stop
As the trade becomes increasingly proﬁtable, traders will often
move, or trail, the protective stop to protect more of their open proﬁt. For example,
if they are long in a bull trend, every time the market moves to a new high, they
might raise the protective stop to just below the most recent higher low.
trap
An entry that immediately reverses to the opposite direction before a
scalper’s proﬁt target is reached, trapping traders in their new position and ul-
timately forcing them to cover at a loss. It can also scare traders out of a good
trade.

LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
xxv
trapped in a trade
A trader with an open loss on a trade that did not result in a
scalper’s proﬁt, and if there is a pullback beyond the entry or signal bars, the trader
will likely exit with a loss.
trapped out of a trade
A pullback that scares a trader into exiting a trade, but
then the pullback fails. The move quickly resumes in the direction of the trade,
making it difﬁcult emotionally for the trader to get back in at the worse price that
is now available. The trader will have to chase the market.
trend
A series of price changes that are either mostly up (a bull trend) or down
(a bear trend). There are three loosely deﬁned smaller versions: swings, legs, and
pullbacks. A chart will show only one or two major trends. If there are more, one
of the other terms is more appropriate.
trend bar
A bar with a body, which means that the close was above or below the
open, indicating that there is at least a minor price movement.
trend channel line
A line in the direction of the trend but drawn on the opposite
side of the bars compared to a trend line. A bull trend channel line is above the
highs and rising to the right, and a bear trend channel line is below the lows and
falling to the right.
trend channel line overshoot
One or more bars penetrating a trend channel
line.
trend channel line undershoot
A bar approaches a trend channel line but the
market reverses away from the line without reaching or penetrating it.
trend from the open
A trend that begins at the ﬁrst or one of the ﬁrst bars of
the day and extends for many bars without a pullback, and the start of the trend
remains as one of the extremes of the day for much if not all of the day.
trending closes
Three or more bars where the closes are trending. In a bull
trend, each close is above the prior close, and in a bear trend, each close is lower.
If the pattern extends for many bars, there can be one or two bars where the closes
are not trending.
trending highs or lows
The same as trending closes except based on the highs
or lows of the bars.
trending swings
Three or more swings where the swing highs and lows are both
higher than the prior swing highs and lows (trending bull swings), or both lower
(trending bear swings).
trending trading ranges
Two or more trading ranges separated by a breakout.
trend line
A line drawn in the direction of the trend; it is sloped up and is below
the bars in a bull trend, and it is sloped down and is above the bars in a bear trend.
Most often, it is constructed from either swing highs or swing lows but can be based
on linear regression or just a best ﬁt (eyeballing).

xxvi
LIST OF TERMS USED IN THIS BOOK
trend reversal
A trend change from up to down or down to up, or from a trend
to a trading range.
20 moving average gap bars
Twenty or more consecutive bars that have not
touched the moving average. Once the market ﬁnally touches the moving average,
it usually creates a setup for a test of the trend’s extreme.
undershoot
The market approaches but does not reach a prior price of signiﬁ-
cance like a swing point or a trend line.
unlikely
At most 40 percent certain.
unreasonable
A setup with an unfavorable trader’s equation.
usually
At least 60 percent certain.
vacuum
A buy vacuum occurs when the strong bears believe that the price will
soon be higher so they wait to short until it reaches some magnet above the mar-
ket. The result is that there is a vacuum that sucks the market quickly up to the
magnet in the form of one or more bull trend bars. Once there, the strong bears
sell aggressively and turn the market down. A sell vacuum occurs when the strong
bulls believe that the market will soon be lower so they wait to buy until it falls
to some magnet below the market. The result is that there is a vacuum that sucks
the market down quickly to the magnet in the form of one or more bear trend bars.
Once there, strong bulls buy aggressively and turn the market back up.
wedge
Traditionally, a three-push move with each push extending further and the
trend line and trend channel line at least minimally convergent, creating a rising or
descending triangle with a wedge shape. For a trader, the wedge shape increases
the chances of a successful trade, but any three-push pattern trades like a wedge
and can be considered one. A wedge can be a reversal pattern or a pullback in a
trend (a bull or bear ﬂag).
wedge ﬂag
A wedge-shaped or three-push pullback in a trend, such as a high 3 in
a bull trend (a type of bull ﬂag) or a low 3 in a bear trend (a type of bear ﬂag). Since
it is a with-trend setup, enter on the ﬁrst signal.
wedge reversal
A wedge that is reversing a bull trend into a bear trend or a bear
trend into a bull trend. Since it is countertrend, unless it is very strong, it is better
to take a second signal. For example, if there is a bear trend and then a descending
wedge, wait for a breakout above this potential wedge bottom and then try to buy
a pullback to a higher low.
with trend
Refers to a trade or a setup that is in the direction of the prevailing
trend. In general, the direction of the most recent 5 minute chart signal should be
assumed to be the trend’s direction. Also, if most of the past 10 or 20 bars are above
the moving average, trend setups and trades are likely on the buy side.

Introduction
T
here is a reason why there is no other comprehensive book about price
action written by a trader. It takes thousands of hours, and the ﬁnancial
reward is meager compared to that from trading. However, with my three
girls now away in grad school, I have a void to ﬁll and this has been a very sat-
isfying project. I originally planned on updating the ﬁrst edition of Reading Price
Charts Bar by Bar (John Wiley & Sons, 2009), but as I got into it, I decided instead
to go into great detail about how I view and trade the markets. I am metaphorically
teaching you how to play the violin. Everything you need to know to make a liv-
ing at it is in these books, but it is up to you to spend the countless hours learning
your trade. After a year of answering thousands of questions from traders on my
website at www.brookspriceaction.com, I think that I have found ways to express
my ideas much more clearly, and these books should be easier to read than that
one. The earlier book focused on reading price action, and this series of books is
instead centered on how to use price action to trade the markets. Since the book
grew to more than four times as many words as the ﬁrst book, John Wiley & Sons
decided to divide it into three separate books. This ﬁrst book covers price action
basics and trends. The second book is on trading ranges, order management, and
the mathematics of trading, and the ﬁnal book is about trend reversals, day trading,
daily charts, options, and the best setups for all time frames. Many of the charts
are also in Reading Price Charts Bar by Bar, but most have been updated and the
discussion about the charts has also been largely rewritten. Only about 5 percent
of the 120,000 words from that book are present in the 570,000 words in this new
series, so readers will ﬁnd little duplication.
My goals in writing this series of three books are to describe my understanding
of why the carefully selected trades offer great risk/reward ratios, and to present
ways to proﬁt from the setups. I am presenting material that I hope will be inter-
esting to professional traders and students in business school, but I also hope that
even traders starting out will ﬁnd some useful ideas. Everyone looks at price charts
but usually just brieﬂy and with a speciﬁc or limited goal. However, every chart has
an incredible amount of information that can be used to make proﬁtable trades, but
1

2
INTRODUCTION
much of it can be used effectively only if traders spend time to carefully understand
what each bar on the chart is telling them about what institutional money is doing.
Ninety percent or more of all trading in large markets is done by institutions,
which means that the market is simply a collection of institutions. Almost all are
proﬁtable over time, and the few that are not soon go out of business. Since in-
stitutions are proﬁtable and they are the market, every trade that you take has a
proﬁtable trader (a part of the collection of institutions) taking the other side of
your trade. No trade can take place without one institution willing to take one side
and another willing to take the other. The small-volume trades made by individuals
can only take place if an institution is willing to take the same trade. If you want
to buy at a certain price, the market will not get to that price unless one or more
institutions also want to buy at that price. You cannot sell at any price unless one or
more institutions are willing to sell there, because the market can only go to a price
where there are institutions willing to buy and others willing to sell. If the Emini is
at 1,264 and you are long with a protective sell stop at 1,262, your stop cannot get
hit unless there is an institution who is also willing to sell at 1,262. This is true for
virtually all trades.
If you trade 200 Emini contracts, then you are trading institutional volume and
are effectively an institution, and you will sometimes be able to move the market a
tick or two. Most individual traders, however, have no ability to move the market,
no matter how stupidly they are willing to trade. The market will not run your stops.
The market might test the price where your protective stop is, but it has nothing to
do with your stop. It will only test that price if one or more institutions believe that it
is ﬁnancially sound to sell there and other institutions believe that it is proﬁtable to
buy there. At every tick, there are institutions buying and other institutions selling,
and all have proven systems that will make money by placing those trades. You
should always be trading in the direction of the majority of institutional dollars
because they control where the market is heading.
At the end of the day when you look at a printout of the day’s chart, how can
you tell what the institutions did during the day? The answer is simple: whenever
the market went up, the bulk of institutional money was buying, and whenever the
market went down, more money went into selling. Just look at any segment of the
chart where the market went up or down and study every bar, and you will soon
notice many repeatable patterns. With time, you will begin to see those patterns
unfold in real time, and that will give you conﬁdence to place your trades. Some of
the price action is subtle, so be open to every possibility. For example, sometimes
when the market is working higher, a bar will trade below the low of the prior bar,
yet the trend continues higher. You have to assume that the big money was buying
at and below the low of that prior bar, and that is also what many experienced
traders were doing. They bought exactly where weak traders let themselves get
stopped out with a loss or where other weak traders shorted, believing that the

INTRODUCTION
3
market was beginning to sell off. Once you get comfortable with the idea that strong
trends often have pullbacks and big money is buying them rather than selling them,
you will be in a position to make some great trades that you previously thought
were exactly the wrong thing to do. Don’t think too hard about it. If the market is
going up, institutions are buying constantly, even at times when you think that you
should stop yourself out of your long with a loss. Your job is to follow their behavior
and not use too much logic to deny what is happening right in front of you. It does
not matter if it seems counterintuitive. All that matters is that the market is going
up and therefore institutions are predominantly buying and so should you.
Institutions are generally considered to be smart money, meaning that they
are smart enough to make a living by trading and they trade a large volume ev-
ery day. Television still uses the term institution to refer to traditional institutions
like mutual funds, banks, brokerage houses, insurance companies, pension funds,
and hedge funds; these companies used to account for most of the volume, and
they mostly trade on fundamentals. Their trading controls the direction of the mar-
ket on daily and weekly charts and a lot of the big intraday swings. Until a decade
or so ago, most of the trade decisions were made and most trading was done by
very smart traders, but it is now increasingly being done by computers. They have
programs that can instantly analyze economic data and immediately place trades
based on that analysis, without a person ever being involved in the trade. In addi-
tion, other ﬁrms trade huge volumes by using computer programs that place trades
based on the statistical analysis of price action. Computer-generated trading now
accounts for as much as 70 percent of the day’s volume.
Computers are very good at making decisions, and playing chess and winning at
Jeopardy! are more difﬁcult than trading stocks. Gary Kasparov for years made the
best chess decisions in the world, yet a computer made better decisions in 1997 and
beat him. Ken Jennings was heralded as the greatest Jeopardy! player of all time,
yet a computer destroyed him in 2011. It is only a matter of time before computers
are widely accepted as the best decision makers for institutional trading.
Since programs use objective mathematical analysis, there should be a ten-
dency for support and resistance areas to become more clearly deﬁned. For ex-
ample, measured move projections should become more precise as more of the
volume is traded based on precise mathematical logic. Also, there might be a ten-
dency toward more protracted tight channels as programs buy small pullbacks on
the daily chart. However, if enough programs exit longs or go short at the same
key levels, sell-offs might become larger and faster. Will the changes be dramatic?
Probably not, since the same general forces were operating when everything was
done manually, but nonetheless there should be some move toward mathematical
perfection as more of the emotion is removed from trading. As these other ﬁrms
contribute more and more to the movement of the market and as traditional in-
stitutions increasingly use computers to analyze and place their trades, the term

4
INTRODUCTION
institution is becoming vague. It is better for an individual trader to think of an
institution as any of the different entities that trade enough volume to be a signiﬁ-
cant contributor to the price action.
Since these buy and sell programs generate most of the volume, they are the
most important contributor to the appearance of every chart and they create most
of the trading opportunities for individual investors. Yes, it’s nice to know that
Cisco Systems (CSCO) had a strong earnings report and is moving up, and if you
are an investor who wants to hold stock for many months, then do what the tra-
ditional institutions are doing and buy CSCO. However, if you are a day trader,
ignore the news and look at the chart, because the programs will create patterns
that are purely statistically based and have nothing to do with fundamentals, yet of-
fer great trading opportunities. The traditional institutions placing trades based on
fundamentals determine the direction and the approximate target of a stock over
the next several months, but, increasingly, ﬁrms using statistical analysis to make
day trades and other short-term trades determine the path to that target and the
ultimate high or low of the move. Even on a macro level, fundamentals are only
approximate at best. Look at the crashes in 1987 and 2009. Both had violent sell-
offs and rallies, yet the fundamentals did not change violently in the same short
period of time. In both cases, the market got sucked slightly below the monthly
trend line and reversed sharply up from it. The market fell because of perceived
fundamentals, but the extent of the fall was determined by the charts.
There are some large patterns that repeat over and over on all time frames and
in all markets, like trends, trading ranges, climaxes, and channels. There are also
lots of smaller tradable patterns that are based on just the most recent few bars.
These books are a comprehensive guide to help traders understand everything they
see on a chart, giving them more opportunities to make proﬁtable trades and to
avoid losers.
The most important message that I can deliver is to focus on the absolute best
trades, avoid the absolute worst setups, use a proﬁt objective (reward) that is at
least as large as your protective stop (risk), and work on increasing the number of
shares that you are trading. I freely recognize that every one of my reasons behind
each setup is just my opinion, and my reasoning about why a trade works might
be completely wrong. However, that is irrelevant. What is important is that reading
price action is a very effective way to trade, and I have thought a lot about why
certain things happen the way they do. I am comfortable with my explanations and
they give me conﬁdence when I place a trade; however, they are irrelevant to my
placing trades, so it is not important to me that they are right. Just as I can reverse
my opinion about the direction of the market in an instant, I can also reverse my
opinion about why a particular pattern works if I come across a reason that is more
logical or if I discover a ﬂaw in my logic. I am providing the opinions because they
appear to make sense, they might help readers become more comfortable trading

INTRODUCTION
5
certain setups, and they might be intellectually stimulating, but they are not needed
for any price action trades.
The books are very detailed and difﬁcult to read and are directed toward se-
rious traders who want to learn as much as they can about reading price charts.
However, the concepts are useful to traders at all levels. The books cover many of
the standard techniques described by Robert D. Edwards and John Magee (Tech-
nical Analysis of Stock Trends, AMACOM, 9th ed., 2007) and others, but focus
more on individual bars to demonstrate how the information they provide can sig-
niﬁcantly enhance the risk/reward ratio of trading. Most books point out three or
four trades on a chart, which implies that everything else on the chart is incom-
prehensible, meaningless, or risky. I believe that there is something to be learned
from every tick that takes place during the day and that there are far more great
trades on every chart than just the few obvious ones; but to see them, you have to
understand price action and you cannot dismiss any bars as unimportant. I learned
from performing thousands of operations through a microscope that some of the
most important things can be very small.
I read charts bar by bar and look for any information that each bar is telling me.
They are all important. At the end of every bar, most traders ask themselves, “What
just took place?” With most bars, they conclude that there is nothing worth trading
at the moment so it is just not worth the effort to try to understand. Instead, they
choose to wait for some clearer and usually larger pattern. It is as if they believe
that the bar did not exist, or they dismiss it as just institutional program activ-
ity that is not tradable by an individual trader. They do not feel like they are part
of the market at these times, but these times constitute the vast majority of the day.
Yet, if they look at the volume, all of those bars that they are ignoring have as much
volume as the bars they are using for the bases for their trades. Clearly, a lot of
trading is taking place, but they don’t understand how that can be and essentially
pretend that it does not exist. But that is denying reality. There is always trading
taking place, and as a trader, you owe it to yourself to understand why it’s taking
place and to ﬁgure out a way to make money off of it. Learning what the market is
telling you is very time-consuming and difﬁcult, but it gives you the foundation that
you need to be a successful trader.
Unlike most books on candle charts where the majority of readers feel com-
pelled to memorize patterns, these three books of mine provide a rationale for why
particular patterns are reliable setups for traders. Some of the terms used have
speciﬁc meaning to market technicians but different meanings to traders, and I am
writing this entirely from a trader’s perspective. I am certain that many traders
already understand everything in these books, but likely wouldn’t describe price
action in the same way that I do. There are no secrets among successful traders;
they all know common setups, and many have their own names for each one. All
of them are buying and selling pretty much at the same time, catching the same

6
INTRODUCTION
swings, and they all have their own reasons for getting into a trade. Many trade
price action intuitively without ever feeling a need to articulate why a certain setup
works. I hope that they enjoy reading my understanding of and perspective on
price action and that this gives them some insights that will improve their already
successful trading.
The goal for most traders is to maximize trading proﬁts through a style that is
compatible with their personalities. Without that compatibility, I believe that it is
virtually impossible to trade proﬁtably for the long term. Many traders wonder how
long it will take them to be successful and are willing to lose money for some pe-
riod of time, even a few years. However, it took me over 10 years to be able to trade
successfully. Each of us has many considerations and distractions, so the time will
vary, but a trader has to work though most obstacles before becoming consistently
proﬁtable. I had several major problems that had to be corrected, including raising
three wonderful daughters who always ﬁlled my mind with thoughts of them and
what I needed to be doing as their father. That was solved as they got older and
more independent. Then it took me a long time to accept many personality traits as
real and unchangeable (or at least I concluded that I was unwilling to change them).
And ﬁnally there was the issue of conﬁdence. I have always been conﬁdent to the
point of arrogance in so many things that those who know me would be surprised
that this was difﬁcult for me. However, deep inside I believed that I really would
never come up with a consistently proﬁtable approach that I would enjoy employ-
ing for many years. Instead, I bought many systems, wrote and tested countless
indicators and systems, read many books and magazines, went to seminars, hired
tutors, and joined chat rooms. I talked with people who presented themselves as
successful traders, but I never saw their account statements and suspect that most
could teach but few, if any, could trade. Usually in trading, those who know don’t
talk and those who talk don’t know.
This was all extremely helpful because it showed all of the things that I needed
to avoid before becoming successful. Any nontrader who looks at a chart will in-
variably conclude that trading has to be extremely easy, and that is part of the
appeal. At the end of the day, anyone can look at any chart and see very clear entry
and exit points. However, it is much more difﬁcult to do it in real time. There is a
natural tendency to want to buy the exact low and never have the trade come back.
If it does, a novice will take the loss to avoid a bigger loss, resulting in a series of
losing trades that will ultimately bust the trader’s account. Using wide stops solves
that to some extent, but invariably traders will soon hit a few big losses that will
put them into the red and make them too scared to continue using that approach.
Should you be concerned that making the information in these books available
will create lots of great price action traders, all doing the same thing at the same
time, thereby removing the late entrants needed to drive the market to your price
target? No, because the institutions control the market and they already have the

INTRODUCTION
7
smartest traders in the world and those traders already know everything in these
books, at least intuitively. At every moment, there is an extremely smart institu-
tional bull taking the opposite side of the trade being placed by an extremely smart
institutional bear. Since the most important players already know price action, hav-
ing more players know it will not tip the balance one way or the other. I therefore
have no concern that what I am writing will stop price action from working. Be-
cause of that balance, any edge that anyone has is always going to be extremely
small, and any small mistake will result in a loss, no matter how well a person
reads a chart. Although it is very difﬁcult to make money as a trader without under-
standing price action, that knowledge alone is not enough. It takes a long time to
learn how to trade after a trader learns to read charts, and trading is just as difﬁcult
as chart reading. I wrote these books to help people learn to read charts better and
to trade better, and if you can do both well, you deserve to be able to take money
from the accounts of others and put it into yours.
The reason why the patterns that we all see do unfold as they do is because
that is the appearance that occurs in an efﬁcient market with countless traders
placing orders for thousands of different reasons, but with the controlling volume
being traded based on sound logic. That is just what it looks like, and it has been
that way forever. The same patterns unfold in all time frames in all markets around
the world, and it would simply be impossible for all of it to be manipulated instan-
taneously on so many different levels. Price action is a manifestation of human
behavior and therefore actually has a genetic basis. Until we evolve, it will likely
remain largely unchanged, just as it has been unchanged for the 80 years of charts
that I have reviewed. Program trading might have changed the appearance slightly,
although I can ﬁnd no evidence to support that theory. If anything, it would make
the charts smoother because it is unemotional and it has greatly increased the vol-
ume. Now that most of the volume is being traded automatically by computers and
the volume is so huge, irrational and emotional behavior is an insigniﬁcant compo-
nent of the markets and the charts are a purer expression of human tendencies.
Since price action comes from our DNA, it will not change until we evolve.
When you look at the two charts in Figure I.1, your ﬁrst reaction is that they are
just a couple of ordinary charts, but look at the dates at the bottom. These weekly
Dow Jones Industrial Average charts from the Depression era and from World War
II have the same patterns that we see today on all charts, despite most of today’s
volume being traded by computers.
If everyone suddenly became a price action scalper, the smaller patterns might
change a little for a while, but over time, the efﬁcient market will win out and the
votes by all traders will get distilled into standard price action patterns because
that is the inescapable result of countless people behaving logically. Also, the re-
ality is that it is very difﬁcult to trade well, and although basing trades on price
action is a sound approach, it is still very difﬁcult to do successfully in real time.

8
INTRODUCTION
FIGURE I.1
Price Action Has Not Changed over Time
There just won’t be enough traders doing it well enough, all at the same time, to
have any signiﬁcant inﬂuence over time on the patterns. Just look at Edwards and
Magee. The best traders in the world have been using those ideas for decades and
they continue to work, again for the same reason—charts look the way they do be-
cause that is the unchangeable ﬁngerprint of an efﬁcient market ﬁlled with a huge
number of smart people using a huge number of approaches and time frames, all
trying to make the most money that they can. For example, Tiger Woods is not hid-
ing anything that he does in golf, and anyone is free to copy him. However, very few
people can play golf well enough to make a living at it. The same is true of trading.
A trader can know just about everything there is to know and still lose money be-
cause applying all that knowledge in a way that consistently makes money is very
difﬁcult to do.
Why do so many business schools continue to recommend Edwards and Magee
when their book is essentially simplistic, largely using trend lines, breakouts, and
pullbacks as the basis for trading? It is because it works and it always has and it
always will. Now that just about all traders have computers with access to intraday
data, many of those techniques can be adapted to day trading. Also, candle charts
give additional information about who is controlling the market, which results in a
more timely entry with smaller risk. Edwards and Magee’s focus is on the overall

INTRODUCTION
9
trend. I use those same basic techniques but pay much closer attention to the indi-
vidual bars on the chart to improve the risk/reward ratio, and I devote considerable
attention to intraday charts.
It seemed obvious to me that if one could simply read the charts well enough
to be able to enter at the exact times when the move would take off and not come
back, then that trader would have a huge advantage. The trader would have a high
winning percentage, and the few losses would be small. I decided that this would
be my starting point, and what I discovered was that nothing had to be added. In
fact, any additions are distractions that result in lower proﬁtability. This sounds so
obvious and easy that it is difﬁcult for most people to believe.
I am a day trader who relies entirely on price action on the intraday Emini S&P
500 Futures charts, and I believe that reading price action well is an invaluable skill
for all traders. Beginners often instead have a deep-seated belief that something
more is required, that maybe some complex mathematical formula that very few
use would give them just the edge that they need. Goldman Sachs is so rich and
sophisticated that its traders must have a supercomputer and high-powered soft-
ware that gives them an advantage that ensures that all the individual traders are
doomed to failure. They start looking at all kinds of indicators and playing with the
inputs to customize the indicators to make them just right. Every indicator works
some of the time, but for me, they obfuscate instead of elucidate. In fact, without
even looking at a chart, you can place a buy order and have a 50 percent chance of
being right!
I am not dismissing indicators and systems out of ignorance of their subtleties.
I have spent over 10,000 hours writing and testing indicators and systems over the
years, and that probably is far more experience than most have. This extensive ex-
perience with indicators and systems was an essential part of my becoming a suc-
cessful trader. Indicators work well for many traders, but the best success comes
once a trader ﬁnds an approach that is compatible with his or her personality. My
single biggest problem with indicators and systems was that I never fully trusted
them. At every setup, I saw exceptions that needed to be tested. I always wanted
every last penny out of the market and was never satisﬁed with a return from a sys-
tem if I could incorporate a new twist that would make it better. You can optimize
constantly, but, since the market is always changing from strong trends to tight
trading ranges and then back again and your optimizations are based on what has
recently happened, they will soon fail as the market transitions into a new phase. I
am simply too controlling, compulsive, restless, observant, and untrusting to make
money in the long term off indicators or automated systems, but I am at the extreme
in many ways and most people don’t have these same issues.
Many traders, especially beginners, are drawn to indicators (or any other higher
power, guru, TV pundit, or newsletter that they want to believe will protect them
and show their love and approval of them as human beings by giving them lots

10
INTRODUCTION
of money), hoping that an indicator will show them when to enter a trade. What
they don’t realize is that the vast majority of indicators are based on simple price
action, and when I am placing trades, I simply cannot think fast enough to process
what several indicators might be telling me. If there is a bull trend, a pullback, and
then a rally to a new high, but the rally has lots of overlapping bars, many bear
bodies, a couple of small pullbacks, and prominent tails on the tops of the bars,
any experienced trader would see that it is a weak test of the trend high and that
this should not be happening if the bull trend was still strong. The market is almost
certainly transitioning into a trading range and possibly into a bear trend. Traders
don’t need an oscillator to tell them this. Also, oscillators tend to make traders
look for reversals and focus less on price charts. These can be effective tools on
most days when the market has two or three reversals lasting an hour or more.
The problem comes when the market is trending strongly. If you focus too much
on your indicators, you will see that they are forming divergences all day long and
you might ﬁnd yourself repeatedly entering countertrend and losing money. By the
time you come to accept that the market is trending, you will not have enough time
left in the day to recoup your losses. Instead, if you were simply looking at a bar or
candle chart, you would see that the market is clearly trending and you would not
be tempted by indicators to look for trend reversals. The most common successful
reversals ﬁrst break a trend line with strong momentum and then pull back to test
the extreme, and if traders focus too much on divergences, they will often overlook
this fundamental fact. Placing a trade because of a divergence in the absence of a
prior countertrend momentum surge that breaks a trend line is a losing strategy.
Wait for the trend line break and then see if the test of the old extreme reverses
or if the old trend resumes. You do not need an indicator to tell you that a strong
reversal here is a high-probability trade, at least for a scalp, and there will almost
certainly be a divergence, so why complicate your thinking by adding the indicator
to your calculus?
Some pundits recommend a combination of time frames, indicators, wave
counting, and Fibonacci retracements and extensions, but when it comes time to
place the trade, they will do it only if there is a good price action setup. Also, when
they see a good price action setup, they start looking for indicators that show diver-
gences, different time frames for moving average tests, wave counts, or Fibonacci
setups to conﬁrm what is in front of them. In reality, they are price action traders
who are trading exclusively off price action on only one chart but don’t feel com-
fortable admitting it. They are complicating their trading to the point that they cer-
tainly are missing many, many trades because their overanalysis takes too much
time for them to place their orders and they are forced to wait for the next setup.
The logic just isn’t there for making the simple so complicated. Obviously, adding
any information can lead to better decision making and many people might be able
to process lots of inputs when deciding whether to place a trade. Ignoring data

INTRODUCTION
11
because of a simplistic ideology alone is foolish. The goal is to make money, and
traders should do everything they can to maximize their proﬁts. I simply cannot
process multiple indicators and time frames well in the time needed to place my or-
ders accurately, and I ﬁnd that carefully reading a single chart is far more proﬁtable
for me. Also, if I rely on indicators, I ﬁnd that I get lazy in my price action reading
and often miss the obvious. Price action is far more important than any other infor-
mation, and if you sacriﬁce some of what it is telling you to gain information from
something else, you are likely making a bad decision.
One of the most frustrating things for traders when they are starting out is that
everything is so subjective. They want to ﬁnd a clear set of rules that guarantee a
proﬁt, and they hate how a pattern works on one day but fails on another. Markets
are very efﬁcient because you have countless very smart people playing a zero-sum
game. For a trader to make money, he has to be consistently better than about half
of the other traders out there. Since most of the competitors are proﬁtable institu-
tions, a trader has to be very good. Whenever an edge exists, it is quickly discovered
and it disappears. Remember, someone has to be taking the opposite side of your
trade. It won’t take them long to ﬁgure out your magical system, and once they do,
they will stop giving you money. Part of the appeal of trading is that it is a zero-
sum game with very small edges, and it is intellectually satisfying and ﬁnancially
rewarding to be able to spot and capitalize on these small, ﬂeeting opportunities. It
can be done, but it is very hard work and it requires relentless discipline. Discipline
simply means doing what you do not want to do. We are all intellectually curious
and we have a natural tendency to try new or different things, but the very best
traders resist the temptation. You have to stick to your rules and avoid emotion,
and you have to patiently wait to take only the best trades. This all appears easy to
do when you look at a printed chart at the end of the day, but it is very difﬁcult in
real time as you wait bar by bar, and sometimes hour by hour. Once a great setup
appears, if you are distracted or lulled into complacency, you will miss it and you
will then be forced to wait even longer. But if you can develop the patience and the
discipline to follow a sound system, the proﬁt potential is huge.
There are countless ways to make money trading stocks and Eminis, but all re-
quire movement (well, except for shorting options). If you learn to read the charts,
you will catch a great number of these proﬁtable trades every day without ever
knowing why some institution started the trend and without ever knowing what
any indicator is showing. You don’t need these institutions’ software or analysts
because they will show you what they are doing. All you have to do is piggyback
onto their trades and you will make a proﬁt. Price action will tell you what they are
doing and allow you an early entry with a tight stop.
I have found that I consistently make far more money by minimizing what I
have to consider when placing a trade. All I need is a single chart on my laptop
computer with no indicators except a 20-bar exponential moving average (EMA),

12
INTRODUCTION
which does not require too much analysis and clariﬁes many good setups each day.
Some traders might also look at volume because an unusually large volume spike
sometimes comes near the end of a bear trend, and the next new swing low or two
often provide proﬁtable long scalps. Volume spikes also sometimes occur on daily
charts when a sell-off is overdone. However, it is not reliable enough to warrant
my attention.
Many traders consider price action only when trading divergences and trend
pullbacks. In fact, most traders using indicators won’t take a trade unless there is
a strong signal bar, and many would enter on a strong signal bar if the context was
right, even if there was no divergence. They like to see a strong close on a large
reversal bar, but in reality this is a fairly rare occurrence. The most useful tools
for understanding price action are trend lines and trend channel lines, prior highs
and lows, breakouts and failed breakouts, the sizes of bodies and tails on candles,
and relationships between the current bar to the prior several bars. In particular,
how the open, high, low, and close of the current bar compare to the action of
the prior several bars tells a lot about what will happen next. Charts provide far
more information about who is in control of the market than most traders realize.
Almost every bar offers important clues as to where the market is going, and a
trader who dismisses any activity as noise is passing up many proﬁtable trades
each day. Most of the observations in these books are directly related to placing
trades, but a few have to do with simple curious price action tendencies without
sufﬁcient dependability to be the basis for a trade.
I personally rely mainly on candle charts for my Emini, futures, and stock trad-
ing, but most signals are also visible on any type of chart and many are even evident
on simple line charts. I focus primarily on 5 minute candle charts to illustrate ba-
sic principles but also discuss daily and weekly charts as well. Since I also trade
stocks, forex, Treasury note futures, and options, I discuss how price action can be
used as the basis for this type of trading.
As a trader, I see everything in shades of gray and am constantly thinking in
terms of probabilities. If a pattern is setting up and is not perfect but is reasonably
similar to a reliable setup, it will likely behave similarly as well. Close is usually
close enough. If something resembles a textbook setup, the trade will likely unfold
in a way that is similar to the trade from the textbook setup. This is the art of
trading and it takes years to become good at trading in the gray zone. Everyone
wants concrete, clear rules or indicators, and chat rooms, newsletters, hotlines,
or tutors that will tell them when exactly to get in to minimize risk and maximize
proﬁt, but none of it works in the long run. You have to take responsibility for your
decisions, but you ﬁrst have to learn how to make them and that means that you
have to get used to operating in the gray fog. Nothing is ever as clear as black and
white, and I have been doing this long enough to appreciate that anything, no matter
how unlikely, can and will happen. It’s like quantum physics. Every conceivable

INTRODUCTION
13
event has a probability, and so do events that you have yet to consider. It is not
emotional, and the reasons why something happens are irrelevant. Watching to see
if the Federal Reserve cuts rates today is a waste of time because there is both a
bullish and bearish interpretation of anything that the Fed does. What is key is to
see what the market does, not what the Fed does.
If you think about it, trading is a zero-sum game and it is impossible to have a
zero-sum game where rules consistently work. If they worked, everyone would use
them and then there would be no one on the other side of the trade. Therefore, the
trade could not exist. Guidelines are very helpful but reliable rules cannot exist,
and this is usually very troubling to a trader starting out who wants to believe that
trading is a game that can be very proﬁtable if only you can come up with just the
right set of rules. All rules work some of the time, and usually just often enough
to fool you into believing that you just need to tweak them a little to get them to
work all of the time. You are trying to create a trading god who will protect you,
but you are fooling yourself and looking for an easy solution to a game where only
hard solutions work. You are competing against the smartest people in the world,
and if you are smart enough to come up with a foolproof rule set, so are they, and
then everyone is faced with the zero-sum game dilemma. You cannot make money
trading unless you are ﬂexible, because you need to go where the market is going,
and the market is extremely ﬂexible. It can bend in every direction and for much
longer than most would ever imagine. It can also reverse repeatedly every few bars
for a long, long time. Finally, it can and will do everything in between. Never get
upset by this, and just accept it as reality and admire it as part of the beauty of
the game.
The market gravitates toward uncertainty. During most of the day, every mar-
ket has a directional probability of 50–50 of an equidistant move up or down. By
that I mean that if you don’t even look at a chart and you buy any stock and then
place a one cancels the other (OCO) order to exit on a proﬁt-taking limit order X
cents above your entry or on a protective stop at X cents below your entry, you
have about a 50 percent chance of being right. Likewise, if you sell any stock at any
point in the day without looking at a chart and then place a proﬁt-taking limit order
X cents lower and a protective stop X cents higher, you have about a 50 percent
chance of winning and about a 50 percent chance of losing. There is the obvious
exception of X being too large relative the price of the stock. You can’t have X be
$60 in a $50 stock, because you would have a 0 percent chance of losing $60. You
also can’t have X be $49, because the odds of losing $49 would also be minuscule.
But if you pick a value for X that is within reasonable reach on your time frame, this
is generally true. When the market is 50–50, it is uncertain and you cannot rationally
have an opinion about its direction. This is the hallmark of a trading range, so when-
ever you are uncertain, assume that the market is in a trading range. There are brief
times on a chart when the directional probability is higher. During a strong trend,

14
INTRODUCTION
it might be 60 or even 70 percent, but that cannot last long because it will gravitate
toward uncertainty and a 50–50 market where both the bulls and bears feel there is
value. When there is a trend and some level of directional certainty, the market will
also gravitate toward areas of support and resistance, which are usually some type
of measured move away, and those areas are invariably where uncertainty returns
and a trading range develops, at least brieﬂy.
Never watch the news during the trading day. If you want to know what a news
event means, the chart in front of you will tell you. Reporters believe that the news
is the most important thing in the world, and that everything that happens has to
be caused by their biggest news story of the day. Since reporters are in the news
business, news must be the center of the universe and the cause of everything that
happens in the ﬁnancial markets. When the stock market sold off in mid-March
2011, they attributed it to the earthquake in Japan. It did not matter to them that the
market began to sell off three weeks earlier, after a buy climax. I told the members
of my chat room in late February that the odds were good that the market was
going to have a signiﬁcant correction when I saw 15 consecutive bull trend bars on
the daily chart after a protracted bull run. This was an unusually strong buy climax,
and an important statement by the market. I had no idea that an earthquake was
going to happen in a few weeks, and did not need to know that, anyway. The chart
was telling me what traders were doing; they were getting ready to exit their longs
and initiate shorts.
Television experts are also useless. Invariably when the market makes a huge
move, the reporter will ﬁnd some conﬁdent, convincing expert who predicted it
and interview him or her, leading the viewers to believe that this pundit has an un-
canny ability to predict the market, despite the untold reality that this same pundit
has been wrong in his last 10 predictions. The pundit then makes some future pre-
diction and na¨ıve viewers will attach signiﬁcance to it and let it affect their trading.
What the viewers may not realize is that some pundits are bullish 100 percent of the
time and others are bearish 100 percent of the time, and still others just swing for
the fences all the time and make outrageous predictions. The reporter just rushes
to the one who is consistent with the day’s news, which is totally useless to traders
and in fact it is destructive because it can inﬂuence their trading and make them
question and deviate from their own methods. No one is ever consistently right
more than 60 percent of the time on these major predictions, and just because pun-
dits are convincing does not make them reliable. There are equally smart and con-
vincing people who believe the opposite but are not being heard. This is the same
as watching a trial and listening to only the defense side of the argument. Hearing
only one side is always convincing and always misleading, and rarely better than 50
percent reliable.
Institutional bulls and bears are placing trades all the time, and that is why
there is constant uncertainty about the direction of the market. Even in the

INTRODUCTION
15
absence of breaking news, the business channels air interviews all day long and
each reporter gets to pick one pundit for her report. What you have to realize is
that she has a 50–50 chance of picking the right one in terms of the market’s direc-
tion over the next hour or so. If you decide to rely on the pundit to make a trading
decision and he says that the market will sell off after midday and instead it just
keeps going up, are you going to look to short? Should you believe this very con-
vincing head trader at one of Wall Street’s top ﬁrms? He obviously is making over
a million dollars a year and they would not pay him that much unless he was able
to correctly and consistently predict the market’s direction. In fact, he probably
can and he is probably a good stock picker, but he almost certainly is not a day
trader. It is foolish to believe that just because he can make 15 percent annually
managing money he can correctly predict the market’s direction over the next hour
or two. Do the math. If he had that ability, he would be making 1 percent two or
three times a day and maybe 1,000 percent a year. Since he is not, you know that
he does not have that ability. His time frame is months and yours is minutes. Since
he is unable to make money by day trading, why would you ever want to make a
trade based on someone who is a proven failure as a day trader? He has shown
you that he cannot make money by day trading by the simple fact that he is not
a successful day trader. That immediately tells you that if he day trades, he loses
money because if he was successful at it, that is what he would choose to do and he
would make far more than he is currently making. Even if you are holding trades
for months at a time in an attempt to duplicate the results of his fund, it is still
foolish to take his advice, because he might change his mind next week and you
would never know it. Managing a trade once you are in is just as important as plac-
ing the trade. If you are following the pundit and hope to make 15 percent a year
like he does, you need to follow his management, but you have no ability to do so
and you will lose over time employing this strategy. Yes, you will make an occa-
sional great trade, but you can simply do that by randomly buying any stock. The
key is whether the approach makes money over 100 trades, not over the ﬁrst one
or two. Follow the advice that you give your kids: don’t fool yourself into believing
that what you see on television is real, no matter how polished and convincing it
appears to be.
As I said, there will be pundits who will see the news as bullish and others who
will see it as bearish, and the reporter gets to pick one for her report. Are you going
to let a reporter make trading decisions for you? That’s insane! If that reporter could
trade, she would be a trader and make hundreds of times more money than she
is making as a reporter. Why would you ever allow her to inﬂuence your decision
making? You might do so only out of a lack of conﬁdence in your ability, or perhaps
you are searching for a father ﬁgure who will love and protect you. If you are prone
to be inﬂuenced by a reporter’s decision, you should not take the trade. The pundit
she chooses is not your father, and he will not protect you or your money. Even if

16
INTRODUCTION
the reporter picks a pundit who is correct on the direction, that pundit will not stay
with you to manage your trade, and you will likely be stopped out with a loss on
a pullback.
Financial news stations do not exist to provide public service. They are in busi-
ness to make money, and that means they need as large an audience as possible to
maximize their advertising income. Yes, they want to be accurate in their report-
ing, but their primary objective is to make money. They are fully aware that they
can maximize their audience size only if they are pleasing to watch. That means that
they have to have interesting guests, including some who will make outrageous pre-
dictions, others who are professorial and reassuring, and some who are just phys-
ically attractive; most of them have to have some entertainment value. Although
some guests are great traders, they cannot help you. For example, if they interview
one of the world’s most successful bond traders, he will usually only speak in gen-
eral terms about the trend over the next several months, and he will do so only
weeks after he has already placed his trades. If you are a day trader, this does not
help you, because every bull or bear market on the monthly chart has just about as
many up moves on the intraday chart as down moves, and there will be long and
short trades every day. His time frame is very different from yours, and his trading
has nothing to do with what you are doing. They will also often interview a chartist
from a major Wall Street ﬁrm, who, while his credentials are good, will be basing
his opinion on a weekly chart, but the viewers are looking to take proﬁts within a
few days. To the chartist, that bull trend that he is recommending buying will still
be intact, even if the market falls 10 percent over the next couple of months. The
viewers, however, will take their losses long before that, and will never beneﬁt from
the new high that comes three months later. Unless the chartist is addressing your
speciﬁc goals and time frame, whatever he says is useless. When television inter-
views a day trader instead, he will talk about the trades that he already took, and
the information is too late to help you make money. By the time he is on television,
the market might already be going in the opposite direction. If he is talking while
still in his day trade, he will continue to manage his trade long after his two-minute
interview is over, and he will not manage it while on the air. Even if you enter
the trade that he is in, he will not be there when you invariably will have to make
an important decision about getting out as the market turns against you, or as the
market goes in your direction and you are thinking about taking proﬁts. Watching
television for trading advice under any circumstances, even after a very important
report, is a sure way to lose money and you should never do it.
Only look at the chart and it will tell you what you need to know. The chart
is what will give you money or take money from you, so it is the only thing that
you should ever consider when trading. If you are on the ﬂoor, you can’t even trust
what your best friend is doing. He might be offering a lot of orange juice calls but

INTRODUCTION
17
secretly having a broker looking to buy 10 times as many below the market. Your
friend is just trying to create a panic to drive the market down so he can load up
through a surrogate at a much better price.
Friends and colleagues freely offer opinions for you to ignore. Occasionally
traders will tell me that they have a great setup and want to discuss it with me. I
invariably get them angry with me when I tell them that I am not interested. They
immediately perceive me as selﬁsh, stubborn, and close-minded, and when it comes
to trading, I am all of that and probably much more. The skills that make you money
are generally seen as ﬂaws to the layperson. Why do I no longer read books or ar-
ticles about trading, or talk to other traders about their ideas? As I said, the chart
tells me all that I need to know and any other information is a distraction. Several
people have been offended by my attitude, but I think in part it comes from me
turning down what they are presenting as something helpful to me when in reality
they are making an offering, hoping that I will reciprocate with some tutoring. They
become frustrated and angry when I tell them that I don’t want to hear about any-
one else’s trading techniques. I tell them that I haven’t even mastered my own and
probably never will, but I am conﬁdent that I will make far more money perfecting
what I already know than trying to incorporate non-price-action approaches into
my trading. I ask them if James Galway offered a beautiful ﬂute to Yo-Yo Ma and
insisted that Ma start learning to play the ﬂute because Galway makes so much
money by playing his ﬂute, should Ma accept the offer? Clearly not. Ma should con-
tinue to play the cello and by doing so he will make far more money than if he
also started playing the ﬂute. I am no Galway or Ma, but the concept is the same.
Price action is the only instrument that I want to play, and I strongly believe that I
will make far more money by mastering it than by incorporating ideas from other
successful traders.
The charts, not the experts on television, will tell you exactly how the institu-
tions are interpreting the news.
Yesterday, Costco’s earnings were up 32 percent on the quarter and above an-
alysts’ expectations (see Figure I.2). COST gapped up on the open, tested the gap
on the ﬁrst bar, and then ran up over a dollar in 20 minutes. It then drifted down to
test yesterday’s close. It had two rallies that broke bear trend lines, and both failed.
This created a double top (bars 2 and 3) bear ﬂag or triple top (bars 1, 2, and 3), and
the market then plunged $3, below the prior day’s low. If you were unaware of the
report, you would have shorted at the failed bear trend line breaks at bars 2 and 3
and you would have sold more below bar 4, which was a pullback that followed the
breakout below yesterday’s low. You would have reversed to long on the bar 5 big
reversal bar, which was the second attempt to reverse the breakout below yester-
day’s low and a climactic reversal of the breakout of the bottom of the steep bear
trend channel line.

18
INTRODUCTION
FIGURE I.2
Ignore the News
Alternatively, you could have bought the open because of the bullish report,
and then worried about why the stock was collapsing instead of soaring the way
the TV analysts predicted, and you likely would have sold out your long on the
second plunge down to bar 5 with a $2 loss.
Any trend that covers a lot of points in very few bars, meaning that there is
some combination of large bars and bars that overlap each other only minimally,
will eventually have a pullback. These trends have such strong momentum that
the odds favor resumption of the trend after the pullback and then a test of the
trend’s extreme. Usually the extreme will be exceeded, as long as the pullback does
not turn into a new trend in the opposite direction and extend beyond the start of
the original trend. In general, the odds that a pullback will get back to the prior
trend’s extreme fall substantially if the pullback retraces 75 percent or more. For a
pullback in a bear trend, at that point, a trader is better off thinking of the pullback
as a new bull trend rather than a pullback in an old bear trend. Bar 6 was about a
70 percent pullback and then the market tested the climactic bear low on the open
of the next day.
Just because the market gaps up on a news item does not mean that it will
continue up, despite how bullish the news is.
As shown in Figure I.3, before the open of bar 1 on both Yahoo! (YHOO)
charts (daily on the left, weekly on the right), the news reported that Microsoft was

INTRODUCTION
19
FIGURE I.3
Markets Can Fall on Bullish News
looking to take over Yahoo! at $31 a share, and the market gapped up almost to
that price. Many traders assumed that it had to be a done deal because Microsoft is
one of the best companies in the world and if it wanted to buy Yahoo!, it certainly
could make it happen. Not only that—Microsoft has so much cash that it would
likely be willing to sweeten the deal if needed. Well, the CEO of Yahoo! said that
his company was worth more like $40 a share, but Microsoft never countered. The
deal slowly evaporated, along with Yahoo!’s price. In October, Yahoo! was 20 per-
cent below the price where it was before the deal was announced and 50 percent
lower than on the day of the announcement, and it continues to fall. So much for
strong fundamentals and a takeover offer from a serious suitor. To a price action
trader, a huge up move in a bear market is probably just a bear ﬂag, unless the move
is followed by a series of higher lows and higher highs. It could be followed by a
bull ﬂag and then more of a rally, but until the bull trend is conﬁrmed, you must be
aware that the larger weekly trend is more important.
The only thing that is as it seems is the chart. If you cannot ﬁgure out what it is
telling you, do not trade. Wait for clarity. It will always come. But once it is there,
you must place the trade and assume the risk and follow your plan. Do not dial
down to a 1 minute chart and tighten your stop, because you will lose. The problem
with the 1 minute chart is that it tempts you by offering lots of entries with smaller
bars and therefore smaller risk. However, you will not be able to take them all

20
INTRODUCTION
and you will instead cherry-pick, which will lead to the death of your account be-
cause you will invariably pick too many bad cherries. When you enter on a 5 minute
chart, your trade is based on your analysis of the 5 minute chart without any idea
of what the 1 minute chart looks like. You must therefore rely on your ﬁve-minute
stops and targets, and just accept the reality that the 1 minute chart will move
against you and hit a one-minute stop frequently. If you watch the 1 minute chart,
you will not be devoting your full attention to the 5 minute chart and a good trader
will take your money from your account and put it into his account. If you want to
compete, you must minimize all distractions and all inputs other than what is on the
chart in front of you, and trust that if you do you will make a lot of money. It will
seem unreal but it is very real. Never question it. Just keep things simple and follow
your simple rules. It is extremely difﬁcult to consistently do something simple, but
in my opinion, it is the best way to trade. Ultimately, as a trader understands price
action better and better, trading becomes much less stressful and actually pretty
boring, but much more proﬁtable.
Although I never gamble (because the combination of odds, risk, and reward
are against me, and I never want to bet against math), there are some similari-
ties with gambling, especially in the minds of those who don’t trade. Gambling is a
game of chance, but I prefer to restrict the deﬁnition to situations where the odds
are slightly against you and you will lose over time. Why this restriction? Because
without it, every investment is a gamble since there is always an element of luck
and a risk of total loss, even if you buy investment real estate, buy a home, start a
business, buy a blue-chip stock, or even buy Treasury bonds (the government might
choose to devalue the dollar to reduce the real size of our debt, and in so doing, the
purchasing power of the dollars that you will get back from those bonds would be
much less than when you originally bought the bonds).
Some traders use simple game theory and increase the size of a trade after one
or more losing trades (this is called a martingale approach to trading). Blackjack
card counters are very similar to trading range traders. The card counters are try-
ing to determine when the math has gone too far in one direction. In particular,
they want to know when the remaining cards in the deck are likely overweighed
with face cards. When the count indicates that this is likely, they place a trade (bet)
based on the probability that a disproportionate number of face cards will be com-
ing up, increasing the odds of winning. Trading range traders are looking for times
when they think the market has gone too far in one direction and then they place a
trade in the opposite direction (a fade).
I tried playing poker online a few times without using real money to ﬁnd simi-
larities to and differences from trading. I discovered early on that there was a deal
breaker for me: I was constantly anxious because of the inherent unfairness due to
luck, and I never want luck to be a large component of the odds for my success.
This is a huge difference and makes me see gambling and trading as fundamentally

INTRODUCTION
21
different, despite public perception. In trading, everyone is dealt the same cards so
the game is always fair and, over time, you get rewarded or penalized entirely due
to your skill as a trader. Obviously, sometimes you can trade correctly and lose, and
this can happen several times in a row due to the probability curve of all possible
outcomes. There is a real but microscopic chance that you can trade well and lose
10 or even 100 times or more in a row; but I cannot remember the last time I saw
as many as four good signals fail in a row, so this is a chance that I am willing to
take. If you trade well, over time you should make money because it is a zero-sum
game (except for commissions, which should be small if you choose an appropriate
broker). If you are better than most of the other traders, you will win their money.
There are two types of gambling that are different from pure games of chance,
and both are similar to trading. In both sports betting and poker, gamblers are try-
ing to take money from other gamblers rather than from the house, and therefore
they can create odds in their favor if they are signiﬁcantly better than their competi-
tors. However, the “commissions” that they pay can be far greater than those that
a trader pays, especially with sports betting, where the vig is usually 10 percent, and
that is why incredibly successful sports gamblers like Billy Walters are so rare: they
have to be at least 10 percent better than the competition just to break even. Suc-
cessful poker players are more common, as can be seen on all of the poker shows
on TV. However, even the best poker players do not make anything comparable to
what the best traders make, because the practical limits to their trading size are
much smaller.
I personally ﬁnd trading not to be stressful, because the luck factor is so tiny
that it is not worth considering. However, there is one thing that trading and playing
poker share, and that is the value of patience. In poker, you stand to make far more
money if you patiently wait to bet on only the very best hands, and traders make
more when they have the patience to wait for the very best setups. For me, this
protracted downtime is much easier in trading because I can see all of the other
“cards” during the slow times, and it is intellectually stimulating to look for subtle
price action phenomena.
There is an important adage in gambling that is true in all endeavors, and that is
that you should not bet until you have a good hand. In trading, that is true as well.
Wait for a good setup before placing a trade. If you trade without discipline and
without a sound method, then you are relying on luck and hope for your proﬁts,
and your trading is unquestionably a form of gambling.
One unfortunate comparison is from nontraders who assume that all day
traders, and all market traders for that matter, are addicted gamblers and therefore
have a mental illness. I suspect that many are addicted, in the sense that they are do-
ing it more for excitement than for proﬁt. They are willing to make low-probability
bets and lose large sums of money because of the huge rush they feel when they
occasionally win. However, most successful traders are essentially investors, just

22
INTRODUCTION
like an investor who buys commercial real estate or a small business. The only real
differences from any other type of investing are that the time frame is shorter and
the leverage is greater.
Unfortunately, it is common for beginners to occasionally gamble, and it invari-
ably costs them money. Every successful trader trades on the basis of rules. When-
ever traders deviate from those rules for any reason, they are trading on hope rather
than logic and are then gambling. Beginning traders often ﬁnd themselves gambling
right after having a couple of losses. They are eager to be made whole again and
are willing to take some chances to make that happen. They will take trades that
they normally would not take, because they are eager to get back the money they
just lost. Since they are now taking a trade that they believe is a low-probability
trade and they are taking it because of anxiety and sadness over their losses, they
are now gambling and not trading. After they lose on their gamble, they feel even
worse. Not only are they even further down on the day, but they feel especially sad
because they are faced with the reality that they did not have the discipline to stick
to their system when they know that discipline is one of the critical ingredients
to success.
Interestingly, neuroﬁnance researchers have found that brain scan images of
traders about to make a trade are indistinguishable from those of drug addicts
about to take a hit. They found a snowball effect and an increased desire to con-
tinue, regardless of the outcome of their behavior. Unfortunately, when faced with
losses, traders assume more risk rather than less, often leading to the death of their
accounts. Without knowing the neuroscience, Warren Buffett clearly understood
the problem, as seen in his statement, “Once you have ordinary intelligence, what
you need is the temperament to control the urges that get other people into trou-
ble in investing.” The great traders control their emotions and constantly follow
their rules.
One ﬁnal point about gambling: There is a natural tendency to assume that
nothing can last forever and that every behavior regresses toward a mean. If the
market has three or four losing trades, surely the odds favor the next one be-
ing a winner. It’s just like ﬂipping a coin, isn’t it? Unfortunately, that is not how
markets behave. When a market is trending, most attempts to reverse fail. When
it is in a trading range, most attempts to break out fail. This is the opposite of
coin ﬂips, where the odds are always 50–50. In trading, the odds are more like
70 percent or better that what just happened will continue to happen again and
again. Because of the coin ﬂip logic, most traders at some point begin to consider
game theory.
Martingale techniques work well in theory but not in practice because of the
conﬂict between math and emotion. That is the martingale paradox. If you double
(or even triple) your position size and reverse at each loss, you will theoretically
make money. Although four losers in a row is uncommon on the 5 minute Emini

INTRODUCTION
23
chart if you choose your trades carefully, they will happen, and so will a dozen
or more, even though I can’t remember ever seeing that. In any case, if you are
comfortable trading 10 contracts, but start with just one and plan to double up and
reverse with each loss, four consecutive losers would require 16 contracts on your
next trade and eight consecutive losers would require 256 contracts! It is unlikely
that you would place a trade that is larger than your comfort zone following four or
more losers. Anyone willing to trade one contract initially would never be willing to
trade 16 or 256 contracts, and anyone willing to trade 256 contracts would never be
willing to initiate this strategy with just one. This is the inherent, insurmountable,
mathematical problem with this approach.
Since trading is fun and competitive, it is natural for people to compare it to
games, and because wagering is involved, gambling is usually the ﬁrst thing that
comes to mind. However, a far more apt analogy is to chess. In chess, you can
see exactly what your opponent is doing, unlike in card games where you don’t
know your opponent’s cards. Also, in poker, the cards that you are dealt are yours
purely by chance, but in chess, the location of your pieces is entirely due to your
decisions. In chess nothing is hidden and it is simply your skill compared to that of
your opponent that determines the outcome. Your ability to read what is in front of
you and determine what will likely follow is a great asset both to a chess player and
to a trader.
Laypeople are also concerned about the possibility of crashes, and because of
that risk, they again associate trading with gambling. Crashes are very rare events
on daily charts. These nontraders are afraid of their inability to function effectively
during extremely emotional events. Although the term crash is generally reserved
for daily charts and applied to bear markets of about 20 percent or more happening
in a short time frame, like in 1927 and 1987, it is more useful to think of it as just
another chart pattern because that removes the emotion and helps traders follow
their rules. If you remove the time and price axes from a chart and focus simply
on the price action, there are market movements that occur frequently on intraday
charts that are indistinguishable from the patterns in a classic crash. If you can get
past the emotion, you can make money off crashes, because with all charts, they
display tradable price action.
Figure I.4 (from TradeStation) shows how markets can crash in any time frame.
The one on the left is a daily chart of GE during the 1987 crash, the middle is a
5 minute chart of COST after a very strong earnings report, and the one on the right
is a 1 minute Emini chart. Although the term crash is used almost exclusively to
refer to a 20 percent or more sell-off over a short time on a daily chart and was
widely used only twice in the past hundred years, a price action trader looks for
shape, and the same crash pattern is common on intraday charts. Since crashes are
so common intraday, there is no need to apply the term, because from a trading
perspective they are just a bear swing with tradable price action.

24
INTRODUCTION
FIGURE I.4
Crashes Are Common
Incidentally, the concept that the same patterns appear on all time frames
means that the principles of fractal mathematics might be useful in designing trad-
ing systems. In other words, every pattern subdivides into standard price action
patterns in smaller time frame charts, and trading decisions based on price action
analysis therefore work in all time frames.
HOW TO READ THESE BOOKS
I tried to group the material in the three books in a sequence that should be helpful
to traders.
Book 1: Trading Price Action Trends: Technical Analysis of Price Charts
Bar by Bar for the Serious Trader
r The basics of price action and candles. The market is either trending or in a
trading range. That is true of every time frame down to even an individual bar,
which can be a trend bar or a nontrend bar (doji).
r Trend lines and trend channel lines. These are basic tools that can be used to
highlight the existence of trends and trading ranges.
r Trends. These are the most conspicuous and proﬁtable components of every
chart.

INTRODUCTION
25
Book 2: Trading Price Action Trading Ranges: Technical Analysis of
Price Charts Bar by Bar for the Serious Trader
r Breakouts. These are transitions from trading ranges into trends.
r Gaps. Breakouts often create several types of intraday gaps that can be helpful
to traders, but these gaps are evident only if you use a broad deﬁnition.
r Magnets, support, and resistance. Once the market breaks out and begins
its move, it is often drawn to certain prices, and these magnets often set up
reversals.
r Pullbacks. These are transitions from trends to temporary trading ranges.
r Trading ranges. These are areas of largely sideways price activity, but each leg
is a small trend and an entire trading range is usually a pullback in a trend on a
higher time frame chart.
r Order and trade management. Traders need as many tools as possible and
need to understand scalping, swing trading, and scaling into and out of trades,
as well as how to enter and exit on stops and limit orders.
r The mathematics of trading. There is a mathematical basis for all trading, and
when you see why things are unfolding the way they do, trading becomes much
less stressful.
Book 3: Trading Price Action Reversals: Technical Analysis of Price
Charts Bar by Bar for the Serious Trader
r Trend reversals. These offer the best risk/reward ratios of any type of trade,
but since most fail, traders need to be selective.
r Day trading. Now that readers understand price action, they can use it to
trade. The chapters on day trading, trading the ﬁrst hour, and detailed examples
show how.
r Daily, weekly, and monthly charts. These charts have very reliable price ac-
tion setups.
r Options. Price action can be used effectively in option trading.
r Best trades. Some price action setups are especially good, and beginners
should focus on these.
r Guidelines. There are many important concepts that can help keep traders
focused.
If you come across an unfamiliar term, you should be able to ﬁnd its deﬁnition
in the List of Terms at the beginning of the book.
Some books show charts that use the time zone of the location of the market,
but now that trading is electronic and global, that is no longer relevant. Since I trade
in California, the charts are in Paciﬁc standard time (PST). All of the charts were
created with TradeStation. Since every chart has dozens of noteworthy price action
events that have not yet been covered, I describe many of them immediately after

26 
INTRODUCTION
the primary discussion under “Deeper Discussion of This Chart.” Even though you
might ﬁnd this incomprehensible when you ﬁrst read it, you will understand it on a
second reading of the books. The more variations of standard patterns that you see,
the better you will be able to spot them as they are developing in real time. I also
usually point out the major one or two trades on the chart. If you prefer, you can
ignore that supplemental discussion on your ﬁrst read and then look at the charts
again after completing the books when the deeper discussion would be understand-
able. Since many of the setups are excellent examples of important concepts, even
though not yet covered, many readers will appreciate having the discussion if they
go through the books again.
At the time of publication, I am posting a daily end-of-day analysis of
the Emini and providing real-time chart reading during the trading day at
www.brookspriceaction.com.
All of the charts in the three books will be in a larger format on John Wiley
& Sons’ site at www.wiley.com/go/tradingreversals. (See the “About the Website”
page at the back of the book.) You will be able to zoom in to see the details, down-
load the charts, or print them. Having a printout of a chart when the description is
several pages long will make it easier to follow the commentary.
SIGNS OF STRENGTH: TRENDS, BREAKOUTS,
REVERSAL BARS, AND REVERSALS
Here are some characteristics that are commonly found in strong trends:
r There is a big gap opening on the day.
r There are trending highs and lows (swings).
r Most of the bars are trend bars in the direction of the trend.
r There is very little overlap of the bodies of consecutive bars. For example, in a
bull spike, many bars have lows that are at or just one tick below the closes of
the prior bar. Some bars have lows that are at and not below the close of the
prior bar, so traders trying to buy on a limit order at the close of the prior bar
do not get their orders ﬁlled and they have to buy higher.
r There are bars with no tails or small tails in either direction, indicating urgency.
For example, in a bull trend, if a bull trend bar opens on its low tick and trends
up, traders were eager to buy it as soon as the prior bar closed. If it closes on or
near its high tick, traders continued their strong buying in anticipation of new
buyers entering right after the bar closes. They were willing to buy going into
the close because they were afraid that if they waited for the bar to close, they
might have to buy a tick or two higher.

INTRODUCTION
27
r Occasionally, there are gaps between the bodies (for example, the open of a
bar might be above the close of the prior bar in a bull trend).
r A breakout gap appears in the form of a strong trend bar at the start of the
trend.
r Measuring gaps occur where the breakout test does not overlap the breakout
point. For example, the pullback from a bull breakout does not drop below the
high of the bar where the breakout occurred.
r Micro measuring gaps appear where there is a strong trend bar and a gap be-
tween the bar before it and the bar after it. For example, if the low of the bar
after a strong bull trend bar in a bull trend is at or above the high of the bar
before the trend bar, this is a gap and a breakout test and a sign of strength.
r No big climaxes appear.
r Not many large bars appear (not even large trend bars). Often, the largest trend
bars are countertrend, trapping traders into looking for countertrend trades
and missing with-trend trades. The countertrend setups almost always look bet-
ter than the with-trend setups.
r No signiﬁcant trend channel line overshoots occur, and the minor ones result
in only sideways corrections.
r There are sideways corrections after trend line breaks.
r Failed wedges and other failed reversals occur.
r There is a sequence of 20 moving average gap bars (20 or more consecutive
bars that do not touch the moving average, discussed in book 2).
r Few if any proﬁtable countertrend trades are found.
r There are small, infrequent, and mostly sideways pullbacks. For example, if
the Emini’s average range is 12 points, the pullbacks will all likely be less than
three or four points, and the market will often go for ﬁve or more bars without
a pullback.
r There is a sense of urgency. You ﬁnd yourself waiting through countless bars
for a good with-trend pullback and one never comes, yet the market slowly
continues to trend.
r The pullbacks have strong setups. For example, the high 1 and high 2 pullbacks
in a bull trend have strong bull reversal bars for signal bars.
r In the strongest trends, the pullbacks usually have weak signal bars, making
many traders not take them, and forcing traders to chase the market. For ex-
ample, in a bear trend the signal bars for a low 2 short are often small bull bars
in two or three bar bull spikes, and some of the entry bars are outside down
bars. It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r Repeated two-legged pullbacks are setting up with trend entries.
r No two consecutive trend bar closes occur on the opposite side of the moving
average.

28
INTRODUCTION
r The trend goes very far and breaks several resistance levels, like the moving
average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.
r Reversal attempts in the form of spikes against the trend have no follow-
through, fail, and become ﬂags in the direction of the trend.
The more of the following characteristics that a bull breakout has, the more
likely the breakout will be strong:
r The breakout bar has a large bull trend body and small tails or no tails. The
larger the bar, the more likely the breakout will succeed.
r If the volume of the large breakout bar is 10 to 20 times the average volume
of recent bars, the chance of follow-through buying and a possible measured
move increases.
r The spike goes very far, lasts several bars, and breaks several resistance lev-
els, like the moving average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by
many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the breakout bar is forming, it spends most of its time near
its high and the pullbacks are small (less than a quarter of the height of the
growing bar).
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to buy but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The next two or three bars also have bull bodies that are at least the av-
erage size of the recent bull and bear bodies. Even if the bodies are rela-
tively small and the tails are prominent, if the follow-through bar (the bar
after the initial breakout bar) is large, the odds of the trend continuing are
greater.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so.
r One or more bars in the spike have a low that is at or just one tick below the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have an open that is above the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have a close on the bar’s high or just one tick
below its high.
r The low of the bar after a bull trend bar is at or above the high of the bar before
the bull trend bar, creating a micro gap, which is a sign of strength. These gaps
sometimes become measuring gaps. Although it is not signiﬁcant to trading,
according to Elliott Wave Theory they probably represent the space between a
smaller time frame Elliott Wave 1 high and a Wave 4 pullback, which can touch
but not overlap.

INTRODUCTION
29
r The overall context makes a breakout likely, like the resumption of a trend
after a pullback, or a higher low or lower low test of the bear low after a strong
break above the bear trend line.
r The market has had several strong bull trend days recently.
r There is growing buying pressure in the trading range, represented by many
large bull trend bars, and the bull trend bars are clearly more prominent than
the bear trend bars in the range.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars of breaking out.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars, and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bear reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not reach the breakout point and does not hit a
breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and highs. For example, when there
is a bear channel and a large bull bar forms, this breakout bar has a high and
close that are above the highs and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bull bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by the high.
The more of the following characteristics that a bear breakout has, the more
likely the breakout will be strong:
r The breakout bar has a large bear trend body and small tails or no tails. The
larger the bar, the more likely the breakout will succeed.
r If the volume of the large breakout bar is 10 to 20 times the average volume
of recent bars, the chance of follow-through selling and a possible measured
move down increases.
r The spike goes very far, lasts several bars, and breaks several support levels
like the moving average, prior swing lows, and trend lines, and each by many
ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the breakout bar is forming, it spends most of its time near its
low and the pullbacks are small (less than a quarter of the height of the growing
bar).
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to sell but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The next two or three bars also have bear bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies. Even if the bodies are relatively small
and the tails are prominent, if the follow-through bar (the bar after the initial
breakout bar) is large, the odds of the trend continuing are greater.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so.

30
INTRODUCTION
r As a bear breakout goes below a prior signiﬁcant swing low, the move below
the low goes far enough for a scalper to make a proﬁt if he entered on a stop at
one tick below that swing low.
r One or more bars in the spike has a high that is at or just one tick above the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is below the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its low or just one tick above
its low.
r The high of the bar after a bear trend bar is at or below the low of the bar before
the bear trend bar, creating a micro gap, which is a sign of strength. These gaps
sometimes become measuring gaps. Although it is not signiﬁcant to trading,
they probably represent the space between a smaller time frame Elliott wave 1
low and a wave 4 pullback, which can touch but not overlap.
r The overall context makes a breakout likely, like the resumption of a trend
after a pullback, or a lower high or higher high test of the bull high after a
strong break below the bull trend line.
r The market has had several strong bear trend days recently.
r There was growing selling pressure in the trading range, represented by many
large bear trend bars, and the bear trend bars were clearly more prominent
than the bull trend bars in the range.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars of breaking out.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bull reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not reach the breakout point and does not hit a
breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and lows. For example, when there
is a bull channel and a large bear bar forms, this breakout bar has a low and
close that are below the lows and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bear bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by its low.
The best-known signal bar is the reversal bar and the minimum that a bull re-
versal bar should have is either a close above its open (a bull body) or a close above
its midpoint. The best bull reversal bars have more than one of the following:
r An open near or below the close of the prior bar and a close above the open
and above the prior bar’s close.
r A lower tail that is about one-third to one-half the height of the bar and a small
or nonexistent upper tail.
r Not much overlap with the prior bar or bars.

INTRODUCTION
31
r The bar after the signal bar is not a doji inside bar and instead is a strong entry
bar (a bull trend bar with a relatively large body and small tails).
r A close that reverses (closes above) the closes and highs of more than one bar.
The minimum that a bear reversal bar should have is either a close below
its open (a bear body) or a close below its midpoint. The best bear reversal
bars have:
r An open near or above the close of the prior bar and a close well below the
prior bar’s close.
r An upper tail that is about one-third to one-half the height of the bar and a small
or nonexistent lower tail.
r Not much overlap with the prior bar or bars.
r The bar after the signal bar is not a doji inside bar and instead is a strong entry
bar (a bear trend bar with a relatively large body and small tails).
r A close that reverses (closes below) the closes and extremes of more than
one bar.
Here are a number of characteristics that are common in strong bull reversals:
r There is a strong bull reversal bar with a large bull trend body and small tails
or no tails.
r The next two or three bars also have bull bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar
or so, and it reverses many bars, swing highs, and bear ﬂags of the prior bear
trend.
r One or more bars in the spike have a low that is at or just one tick below the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have an open that is above the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have a close on the high of the bar or just one
tick below its high.
r The overall context makes a reversal likely, like a higher low or lower low test
of the bear low after a strong break above the bear trend line.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars, and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bear reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not hit a breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The spike goes very far and breaks several resistance levels like the moving
average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.

32
INTRODUCTION
r As the ﬁrst bar of the reversal is forming, it spends most of its time near its high
and the pullbacks are less than a quarter of the height of the growing bar.
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to buy but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The signal is the second attempt to reverse within the past few bars (a second
signal).
r The reversal began as a reversal from an overshoot of a trend channel line from
the old trend.
r It is reversing a signiﬁcant swing high or low (e.g., it breaks below a strong
prior swing low and reverses up).
r The high 1 and high 2 pullbacks have strong bull reversal bars for signal bars.
r It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r The pullbacks are small and sideways.
r There were prior breaks of earlier bear trend lines (this isn’t the ﬁrst sign of
bullish strength).
r The pullback to test the bear low lacks momentum, as evidenced by its having
many overlapping bars with many being bull trend bars.
r The pullback that tests the bear low fails at the moving average or the old bear
trend line.
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and highs. For example, when there
is a bear channel and a large bull bar forms, this breakout bar has a high and
close that are above the highs and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bull bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by only its high.
Here are a number of characteristics that are common in strong bear reversals:
r A strong bear reversal bar with a large bear trend body and small tails or no
tails.
r The next two or three bars also have bear bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar or
so, and it reverses many bars, swing lows, and bull ﬂags of the prior bull trend.
r One or more bars in the spike has a high that is at or just one tick above the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is below the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its low or just one tick above
its low.
r The overall context makes a reversal likely, like a lower high or higher high test
of the bull high after a strong break below the bull trend line.

INTRODUCTION
33
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bull reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not hit a breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The spike goes very far and breaks several support levels like the moving aver-
age, prior swing lows, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the reversal is forming, it spends most of its time near its low
and the pullbacks are less than a quarter of the height of the growing bar.
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to sell, but you want a
pullback, yet it never comes.
r The signal is the second attempt to reverse within the past few bars (a second
signal).
r The reversal began as a reversal from an overshoot of a trend channel line from
the old trend.
r It is reversing at a signiﬁcant swing high or low area (e.g., breaks above a strong
prior swing high and reverses down).
r The low 1 and low 2 pullbacks have strong bear reversal bars for signal bars.
r It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r The pullbacks are small and sideways.
r There were prior breaks of earlier bull trend lines (this isn’t the ﬁrst sign of
bearish strength).
r The pullback to test the bull high lacks momentum, as evidenced by it having
many overlapping bars with many being bear trend bars.
r The pullback that tests the bull high fails at the moving average or the old bull
trend line.
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and lows. For example, when there
is a bull channel and a large bear bar forms, this breakout bar has a low and
close that are below the lows and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bear bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by only its low.
BAR COUNTING BASICS: HIGH 1, HIGH 2,
LOW 1, LOW 2
A reliable sign that a pullback in a bull trend or in a trading range has ended is when
the current bar’s high extends at least one tick above the high of the prior bar. This
leads to a useful concept of counting the number of times that this occurs, which
is called bar counting. In a sideways or downward move in a bull trend or a trading
range, the ﬁrst bar whose high is above the high of the prior bar is a high 1, and
this ends the ﬁrst leg of the sideways or down move, although this leg may become

34
INTRODUCTION
a small leg in a larger pullback. If the market does not turn into a bull swing and
instead continues sideways or down, label the next occurrence of a bar with a high
above the high of the prior bar as a high 2, ending the second leg.
A high 2 in a bull trend and a low 2 in a bear trend are often referred to as ABC
corrections where the ﬁrst leg is the A, the change in direction that forms the high 1
or low 1 entry is the B, and the ﬁnal leg of the pullback is the C. The breakout from
the C is a high 2 entry bar in a bull ABC correction and a low 2 entry bar in a bear
ABC correction.
If the bull pullback ends after a third leg, the buy setup is a high 3 and is usually
a type of wedge bull ﬂag. When a bear rally ends in a third leg, it is a low 3 sell setup
and usually a wedge bear ﬂag.
Some bull pullbacks can grow further and form a high 4. When a high 4 forms,
it sometimes begins with a high 2 and this high 2 fails to go very far. It is instead
followed by another two legs down and a second high 2, and the entire move is
simply a high 2 in a higher time frame. At other times, the high 4 is a small spike
and channel bear trend where the ﬁrst or second push down is a bear spike and
the next pushes down are in a bear channel. If the high 4 fails to resume the trend
and the market falls below its low, it is likely that the market is no longer forming
a pullback in a bull trend and instead is in a bear swing. Wait for more price action
to unfold before placing a trade.
When a bear trend or a sideways market is correcting sideways or up, the ﬁrst
bar with a low below the low of the prior bar is a low 1, ending the ﬁrst leg of the
correction, which can be as brief as that single bar. Subsequent occurrences are
called the low 2, low 3, and low 4 entries. If the low 4 fails (a bar extends above
the high of the low 4 signal bar after the low 4 short is triggered), the price action
indicates that the bears have lost control and either the market will become two-
sided, with bulls and bears alternating control, or the bulls will gain control. In any
case, the bears can best demonstrate that they have regained control by breaking a
bull trend line with strong momentum.

P A R T I
Trend Reversals:
A Trend Becoming
an Opposite Trend
O
ne of the most important skills that a trader can acquire is the ability to
reliably determine when a breakout will succeed or reverse. Remember,
every trend bar is a breakout, and there are buyers and sellers at the top
and bottom of every bull and bear trend bar, no matter how strong the bar appears.
A breakout of anything is the same. There are traders placing trades based on the
belief that the breakout will succeed, and other traders placing trades in the oppo-
site direction, betting it will fail and the market will reverse. A reversal after a single
bar on the 15 minute chart is probably a reversal that took place over many bars
on the 1 minute chart, and a reversal that took place over 10 to 20 bars can be a
one-bar reversal on a 120 minute chart. The process is the same on all time frames,
whether it takes place after a single bar or many bars. If traders develop the skill to
know which direction the market will likely go after a breakout attempt develops,
they have an edge and will place their trades in that direction.
Reversal setups are common because every trend bar is a breakout and is soon
followed by an attempt to make the breakout fail and reverse, as discussed in
Chapter 5 of book 2. If the breakout looks stronger than the reversal attempt, the
reversal attempt will usually not succeed, and the attempt to reverse will become
the start of a ﬂag in the new trend. For example, if there is a bull breakout of a trad-
ing range and the bull spike is made of two large bull trend bars with small tails,
35

36
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
and the next bar is a bear doji bar, that bear bar is an attempt to have the breakout
fail and reverse back down into a bear trend. Since the breakout is much stronger
than the reversal attempt, it is more likely that there are more buyers than sellers
below the bear bar, and that the entry bar for the short will become a breakout pull-
back buy signal bar. In other words, instead of the reversal succeeding, it is more
likely that it will become the start of a bull ﬂag and be followed by another leg up. If
the reversal setup looks much stronger than the breakout, it is more likely that the
breakout will fail and that the market will reverse. Chapter 2 in book 2 discusses
how to gauge the strength of a breakout. In short, the more signs of strength that
are present, the more likely that the breakout will succeed and that the reversal
attempt will fail and lead to a breakout pullback setup.
Institutional trading is done by discretionary traders and computers, and com-
puter program trading has become increasingly important. Institutions base their
trading on fundamental or technical information, or a combination of both, and
both types of trading are done by traders and by computers. In general, most of the
discretionary traders base their decisions primarily on fundamental information,
and most of the computer trades are based on technical data. Since the majority of
the volume is now traded by HFT ﬁrms, and most of the trades are based on price
action and other technical data, most of the program trading is technically based. In
the late twentieth century, a single institution running a large program could move
the market, and the program would create a micro channel, which traders saw as a
sign that a program was running. Now, most days have a dozen or so micro chan-
nels in the Emini, and many have over 100,000 contracts traded. With the Emini
currently around 1200, that corresponds to $6 billion, and is larger than a single
institution would trade for a single small trade. This means that a single institu-
tion cannot move the market very far or for very long, and that all movement on
the chart is caused by many institutions trading in the same direction at the same
time. Also, HFT computers analyze every tick and are constantly placing trades all
day long. When they detect a program, many will scalp in the direction of the pro-
gram, and they will often account for most of the volume while the micro channel
(program) is progressing.
The institutions that are trading largely on technical information cannot move
the market in one direction forever because at some point the market will appear
as offering value to the institutions trading on fundamentals. If the technical institu-
tions run the price up too high, fundamental institutions and other technical institu-
tions will see the market as being at a great price to sell out of longs and to initiate
shorts, and they will overwhelm the bullish technical trading and drive the market
down. When the technical trading creates a bear trend, the market at some point
will be clearly cheap in the eyes of fundamental and other technical institutions.
The buyers will come in and overwhelm the technical institutions responsible for
the sell-off and reverse the market up. Trend reversals on all time frames always

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
37
happen at support and resistance levels, because technical traders and programs
look for them as areas where they should stop pressing their bets and begin to take
proﬁts, and many will also begin to trade in the opposite direction. Since they are
all based on mathematics, computer algorithms, which generate 70 percent of all
trading volume and 80 percent of institutional volume, know where they are. Also,
institutional fundamental traders pay attention to obvious technical factors. They
see major support and resistance on the chart as areas of value and will enter trades
in the opposite direction when the market gets there. The programs that trade on
value will usually ﬁnd it around the same areas, because there is almost always
signiﬁcant value by any measure around major support and resistance. Most of the
programs make decisions based on price, and there are no secrets. When there is
an important price, they all see it, no matter what logic they use. The fundamental
traders (people and machines) wait for value and commit heavily when they detect
it. They want to buy when they think that the market is cheap and sell when they
believe it is expensive. For example, if the market is falling, but it’s getting to a
price level where the institutions feel like it is getting cheap, they will appear out
of nowhere and buy aggressively. This is seen most dramatically and often during
opening reversals (the reversals can be up or down and are discussed in the section
on trading the open later in this book). The bears will buy back their shorts to take
proﬁts and the bulls will buy to establish new longs. No one is good at knowing
when the market has gone far enough, but most experienced traders and programs
are usually fairly conﬁdent in their ability to know when it has gone too far.
Because the institutions are waiting to buy until the market has become clearly
oversold, there is an absence of buyers in the area above a possible bottom, and
the market is able to accelerate down to the area where they are conﬁdent that it
is cheap. Some institutions rely on programs to determine when to buy and others
are discretionary. Once enough of them buy, the market will usually turn up for
at least a couple of legs and about 10 or more bars on whatever time frame chart
where this is happening. While it is falling, institutions continue to short all the
way down until they determine that it has reached a likely target and it is unlikely
to fall any further, at which point they take proﬁts. The more oversold the market
becomes, the more of the selling volume is technically based, because fundamental
traders and programs will not continue to short when they think that the market
is cheap and should soon be bought. The relative absence of buyers as the market
gets close to a major support level often leads to an acceleration of the selling into
the support, usually resulting in a sell vacuum that sucks the market below the
support in a climactic sell-off, at which point the market reverses up sharply. Most
support levels will not stop a bear trend (and most resistance levels will not stop a
bull trend), but when the market ﬁnally reverses up, it will be at an obvious major
support level, like a long-term trend line. The bottom of the sell-off and the reversal
up is usually on very heavy volume. As the market is falling, it has many rallies up

38
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
to resistance levels and sell-offs down to support levels along the way, and each
reversal takes place when enough institutions determine that it has gone too far
and is offering value for a trade in the opposite direction. When enough institutions
act around the same level, a major reversal takes place.
There are fundamental and technical ways to determine support. For example,
it can be estimated with calculations, like what the S&P 500 price earnings multi-
ple should theoretically be, but these calculations are never sufﬁciently precise for
enough institutions to agree. However, traditional areas of support and resistance
are easier to see and therefore more likely to be noticed by many institutions, and
they more clearly deﬁne where the market should reverse. In both the crashes of
1987 and 2008–2009, the market collapsed down to slightly below the monthly trend
line and then reversed up, creating a major bottom. The market will continue up,
with many tests down, until it has gone too far, which is always at a signiﬁcant re-
sistance level. Only then can the institutions be conﬁdent that there is clear value
in selling out of longs and selling into shorts. The process then reverses down.
The fundamentals (the value in buying or selling) determine the overall direc-
tion, but the technicals determine the actual turning points. The market is always
probing for value, which is an excess, and is always at support and resistance lev-
els. Reports and news items at any time can alter the fundamentals (the perception
of value) enough to make the market trend up or down for minutes to several days.
Major reversals lasting for months are based on fundamentals and begin and end at
support and resistance levels. This is true of every market and every time frame.
It is important to realize that the news will report the fundamentals as still
bullish after the market has begun to turn down from a major top, and still bearish
after it has turned up from a major bottom. Just because the news still sees the
market as bullish or bearish does not mean that the institutions still do. Trade the
charts and not the news. Price is truth and the market always leads the news. In
fact, the news is always the most bullish at market tops and most bearish at market
bottoms. The reporters get caught up in the euphoria or despair and search for
pundits who will explain why the trend is so strong and will continue much longer.
They will ignore the smartest traders, and probably do not even know who they
are. Those traders are interested in making money, not news, and will not seek
out the reporters. When a reporter takes a cab to work and the driver tells him
that he just sold all of his stocks and mortgaged his house so that he could buy
gold, the reporter gets excited and can’t wait to ﬁnd a bullish pundit to put on
the air to conﬁrm the reporter’s profound insight in the gold bull market. “Just
think, the market is so strong that even my cabbie is buying gold! Everyone will
therefore sell all of their other assets and buy more, and the market will have to
race higher for many more months!” To me, when even the weakest traders ﬁnally
enter the market, there is no one left to buy. The market needs a greater fool who is
willing to buy higher so that you can sell out with a proﬁt. When there is no one left,

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
39
the market can only go one way, and it is the opposite of what the news is telling
you. It is difﬁcult to resist the endless parade of persuasive professorial pundits on
television who are giving erudite arguments about how gold cannot go down and in
fact will double again over the next year. However, you have to realize that they are
there for their own self-aggrandizement and for entertainment. The network needs
the entertainment to attract viewers and advertising dollars. If you want to know
what the institutions are really doing, just look at the charts. The institutions are
too big to hide and if you understand how to read charts, you will see what they are
doing and where the market is heading, and it is usually unrelated to anything that
you see on television.
A successful trend reversal is a change from a bull market to a bear market or
from a bear market to a bull market, and the single most important thing to remem-
ber is that most trend reversal attempts fail. A market has inertia, which means that
it has a strong propensity to continue what it has been doing and a strong resistance
to change. The result is that there is really no such thing as a trend reversal pattern.
When there is a trend, all patterns are continuation patterns, but occasionally one
will fail. Most technicians will label that failure as a reversal pattern, but since most
of the time it fails as a reversal and the trend continues, it is really more accurately
thought of as just a continuation pattern. A trend is like a huge ship that takes a
lot of force applied over time to change its direction. There usually has to be some
increase in two-sided trading before traders in the other direction can take con-
trol, and that two-sided trading is a trading range. Because of this, most reversal
patterns are trading ranges, but you should expect the breakout from the trading
range to be in the direction of the trend because that is what happens in about
80 percent of cases. Sometimes the breakout will be in the opposite direction or
the with-trend breakout will quickly fail and then reverse. When those events hap-
pen, most traders will label the trading range as a reversal pattern, like a double
top, a head and shoulders, or a ﬁnal ﬂag. All of the reversal patterns listed in Part I
can lead to a trend in the opposite direction, but they can also simply lead to a trad-
ing range, which is more likely to be followed by a trend resumption. In this case,
the reversal pattern is just a bull ﬂag in a bull trend or a bear ﬂag in a bear trend.
When a trend reverses, the reversal can be sharp and immediate and have a lot
of conviction early on, or it can happen slowly over the course of a dozen or more
bars. When it happens slowly, the market usually appears to be forming just another
ﬂag, but the pullback continues to grow until at some point the with-trend traders
give up and there is a breakout in the countertrend direction. For example, assume
that there is a bear trend that is beginning to pull back and it forms a low 1 setup,
but the market immediately turns up after the signal triggers. It then triggers a low 2
entry and that, too, fails within a bar or so. At this point, assume that either the
market breaks out of the top of the bear ﬂag or it has one more push up, triggering
a wedge bear ﬂag, the entry fails, and then the market has a breakout to the upside.

40
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
A reversal at some point makes the majority of traders believe that the always-in
position has reversed, and this almost always requires some kind of breakout. This
is discussed in detail in Chapter 15, but it means that if you had to be in the market
at all times, either long or short, the always-in position is whatever your current
position is. The breakout characteristics are the same as with any breakout, and
were discussed in the chapter on breakouts in Part I of book 2. At this point, there
is a new trend, and traders reverse their mind-set. When a bull trend reverses to
a bear trend, they stop buying above bars on stops and buying below bars on limit
orders, and begin selling above bars on limit orders and selling below bars on stops.
When a bear trend reverses to a bull trend, they stop selling below bars on stops
and selling above bars on limit orders, and begin buying above bars on stops and
buying below bars on limit orders. See Part III in the ﬁrst book for more on trend
behavior.
Every trend is contained within a channel, which is bordered by a trend line
and a trend channel line, even though the channel may not be readily apparent on
a quick look at the chart. The single most important rule in these books is that you
should never be thinking about trading against a trend until after there has been
a breakout of the channel, which means a break beyond a signiﬁcant trend line.
Also, you should take a reversal trade only if there is a strong signal bar. You need
evidence that the other side is strong enough to have a chance of taking control.
And even then, you should still be looking for with-trend trades because after this
ﬁrst countertrend surge, the market almost always goes back in the direction of the
trend to test the old trend extreme. Only rarely is the trend line break on such strong
momentum that the test won’t be tradable for at least a scalp. If the market fails
again around the price of the old extreme, then it has made two attempts to push
through that level and failed, and whenever the market tries twice to do something
and fails, it usually tries the opposite. It is after this test of the old extreme that you
should look for countertrend swing trades and only if there is a good setup on the
reversal away from the old extreme.
It is very important to distinguish a reversal trade from a countertrend scalp.
A reversal trade is one where an always-in ﬂip is likely. A countertrend scalp is
not a reversal trade; it usually has a bad trader’s equation and most often forms
within a channel. Channels always look like they are about to reverse, suckering
traders into countertrend trades using stop entries. These traders soon get trapped
and have to cover with a loss. For example, if there is a bull channel, it will usually
have a reasonable-looking bear reversal or inside bar after the breakout to every
new high. Beginners will see that there is enough room to the moving average for
a short scalp and will short on a stop below the bar. They will lose money on 70
percent or more of their countertrend scalps, and their average loser will be larger
than their average winner. They take the shorts because they are eager to trade
and most of the buy signals look weak, often forcing traders to buy within a few

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
41
ticks of the top of the channel. The countertrend setups often have good-looking
signal bars, which convince traders that they can ﬁnesse a short scalp while
waiting for a good-looking buy setup. They see all of the prior bear reversal bars
and pullbacks as signs of building selling pressure, and they are right. However,
most short scalps will end up being just micro sell vacuums, where the market is
getting sucked down to a support level, like around the bottom of the channel, or
below a minor higher low. Once there, the strong bulls begin to buy aggressively.
Many take proﬁts at the new high, creating the next sell signal, which will fail like
all of the earlier ones. High-frequency trading ﬁrms pay minuscule commissions
and can proﬁtably trade for one or two ticks, but you cannot. Although there are
good-looking reversal bars, these are not tradable reversals, and traders should not
take them. As long as the signal is not good enough to ﬂip the always-in direction
to short, only trade in the direction of the trend. The institutions are buying below
the lows of those sell signal bars. If you want to trade while the channel is forming,
you either have to buy with limit orders below prior bars, like the institutions,
or buy above high 2 signal bars, which is where the bears usually buy back their
losing shorts. However, this is difﬁcult for many traders, because they can see that
the channel has a lot of two-sided trading and know that buying at the top of a
channel, where there is a lot of two-sided trading, is an approach that often has
only a marginally positive trader’s equation.
A trend reversal, or simply a reversal, is not necessarily an actual trend
reversal because the term implies that the market is changing from one behavior
to any opposite behavior. It is best thought of as a change from a bull trend to a
bear trend or vice versa, and that is the subject of Part I. Trading range behavior
is arguably the opposite of trending behavior, so if a trading range breaks out into
a trend, that is a reversal of the behavior of the market, but it is more commonly
described as a breakout. A pullback is a small trading range and a small trend
against the larger trend, and when the pullback ends, that minor trend reverses
back into the direction of the major trend. Most trend reversals end up as higher
time frame pullbacks in the trend, which means that most end up as large trading
ranges; however, some become strong, persistent trends in the opposite direction.
Even when the reversal leads to a trading range, the reversal entry will usually go
far enough to be a swing trade.
Most trend reversal attempts do not result in a strong, opposite trend and
instead lead to trading ranges. Strictly speaking, the behavior has reversed into an
opposite type of price action (from one-sided trading to two-sided trading), but the
trend has not reversed into an opposite trend. A trader never knows in advance if
there will be a reversal into a new trend, and a reversal into a trading range often
looks the same as a reversal into a new trend for dozens of bars. Because of this,
a trader does not know until much later whether there has been a reversal into the
opposite trend or just a transition into a trading range. This is why the probability

42
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
of most trades, where the reward is many times greater than the risk, is so small
at the outset. As the moves becomes more certain, the reward gets smaller,
because there are fewer ticks left to the move, and the risk gets larger because the
theoretically ideal stop for a swing trade goes beyond the start of the most recent
spike (below the most recent higher low in a bull or above the most recent lower
high in a bear, which can be far away). From a trader’s perspective, it does not
matter because traders are going to trade the reversal the same way, whether it
evolves into a strong new trend or simply into a couple of large countertrend legs.
Yes, they would make more money from a huge swing that does not come back to
their breakeven stops, but they can still make a lot of money if the market stalls
and simply becomes a large trading range. However, in a trading range, traders
will usually make more money if they look for scalps rather than swings. Trading
ranges and pullbacks were discussed in book 2. In a true trend reversal, the new
trend can go a long way and traders should swing most of their position.
If the market does reverse into an opposite trend, the new trend may be either
protracted or limited to a single bar. The market may also simply drift sideways
after a bar or two, and then trend again later, either up or down. Many technicians
will not use the term reversal except in hindsight, after a series of trending highs
and lows has formed. However, this is not useful in trading because waiting for
that to occur will result in a weaker trader’s equation, since a signiﬁcant pullback
(a greater drawdown) in that new trend becomes more likely the longer the trend
has been in effect. Once a trader is initiating trades in the opposite direction to
the trend, that trader believes that the trend has reversed even though the strict
criteria have not yet been met. For example, if traders are buying in a bear trend,
they believe that the market will likely not trade even a single tick lower; otherwise
they would wait to buy. Since they are buying with the belief that the market will
go higher, they believe the trend is now upward and therefore a reversal has taken
place, at least on a scale large enough for the trade to be proﬁtable.
Many technicians will not accept this deﬁnition, because it does not require
some basic components of a trend to exist. Most would agree on two requirements
for a trend reversal. The ﬁrst is an absolute requirement: the move has to break a
trend line from the prior trend so that the old trend channel has been broken. The
second requirement happens most of the time, but is not required: after the trend
line break, the market comes back and successfully tests the extreme of the old
trend. Rarely, there can be a climactic reversal that has a protracted initial move
and never comes close to testing the old extreme.
The sequence is the same for any reversal. Every trend is in a channel and when
there is a move that breaks the trend line, the market has broken out of the channel.
This breakout beyond the trend line is followed by a move back in the direction of
the trend. The trend traders want this to be a failed reversal attempt and for the
old trend to resume. If they are right, the new trend channel will usually be broader

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
43
and less steep, which indicates some loss of momentum. This is natural as a trend
matures. They see this trend line break as simply leading to another ﬂag that will
be followed by an extension of the trend.
The countertrend traders want this reversal back in the direction of the old
trend, after the breakout, to be a breakout test and then be followed by at least a
second leg against the old trend. In a successful breakout, instead of resuming the
trend, the test reverses once more and the test becomes a breakout pullback in the
new trend, or at least in a larger correction. For example, in the breakout above
the bear trend line in a bear trend, at some point the reversal will attempt to fail
and then sell off to a lower low, a double bottom, or a higher low, which is the test
of the bear low. If that test is successful, that test becomes a breakout pullback in
the breakout above the bear trend line and the new bull trend resumes for at least
one more leg. When the reversal up results in a reversal into a new trend, the rally
that broke above the bear trend line is when the bulls began to take control over
the market, even if the pullback from this bull breakout falls to a lower low. Most
traders will see the lower low as the start of the bull trend, but the bulls often take
control during the spike that breaks above the bear trend line. It does not matter if
you say that the bull began at the bottom of the bull spike or at the bottom of the
lower low reversal, because you trade the market the same. You look to buy as
the market is reversing up from the lower low (or double bottom or higher low). The
rally that follows could become a large two-legged correction, the start of a trading
range, or a new bull trend. No matter what the end result is, the bulls have a good
chance of a proﬁtable trade. If the test is unsuccessful, the market will continue
down into a new bear leg and traders have to look for another breakout above
the new bear channel and then another test of the new bear low before looking to
buy a bottom. The opposite is true when there is a bull trend that has a bear spike
below the bull trend line, and then a higher high, double top, or lower high pullback
from the breakout. The bears began to take control over the market during the
spike. The test of the bull high, even if it exceeds the old high, is still simply a
pullback from the initial bear breakout below the bull trend line.
Once there has been a strong countertrend move, the pullback will be a test
for both the bulls and the bears. For example, suppose there was a strong down-
ward move in a bull market, and the move broke through a trend line that had held
for 20 to 40 bars; it then continued down for 20 bars and carried well below the
20-bar moving average, and even beneath the low of the last higher low of the bull
trend; in this case the bears have demonstrated considerable strength. Once this
ﬁrst leg down exhausts itself, bears will begin to take partial proﬁts, and bulls will
begin to reinstate their longs. Both will cause the market to move higher, and both
bulls and bears will watch this move very carefully. Because the down leg was so
strong, both the bulls and the bears believe that its low will likely be tested before
the market breaks out into a new high. Therefore, as the market rallies, if there is

44
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
not strong momentum up, the new bulls will start to take proﬁts and the bears will
become aggressive and add to their shorts. Also, the bulls who held through the
sell-off will use this rally to begin to exit their longs. They wanted to stay long until
they saw strong bears, and since the bears demonstrated impressive strength, these
bulls will look for any rally to exit. This represents supply over the market and will
work to limit the rally and increase the chances of another leg down. The rally will
likely have many bear bars and tails, both of which indicate that the bulls are weak.
A sell-off down from this rally would create the ﬁrst lower high in a potential new
bear trend. In any case, the odds are high that there will be a second leg down, since
both the bulls and the bears expect it and will be trading accordingly.
There will still be bulls who bought much lower and want to give the bull trend
every possible chance to resume. Traders know that most reversal attempts fail,
and many who rode the trend up will not exit their longs until after the bears have
demonstrated the ability to push the market down hard. Many longs bought puts to
protect themselves in case of a severe reversal. The puts allow them to hold on to
give the bull trend every possible chance to resume. They know that the puts limit
their losses, no matter how far the market might fall, but once they see this impres-
sive selling pressure, they will then look for a rally to ﬁnally exit their longs, and
will take proﬁts on their puts as the market turns back up. Also, most of their puts
expire within a few months, and once expired, the traders no longer have down-
side protection. This means that they cannot continue to hold on to their positions
unless they keep buying more and more puts. If they believe that the market will
likely fall further and not rally again for many months, it does not make sense to
continue to pay for ongoing put protection. Instead, they will look to sell out of their
positions. Their supply will limit the rally, and their selling, added to the shorting
by aggressive bears and the proﬁt taking by bulls who saw the sell-off as a buying
opportunity, will create a second leg down.
These persistent bulls will each have a price level on the downside that, if
reached, will make them want to exit on the next rally. As the market keeps working
lower, more and more of these bulls will decide that the bull trend will not resume
anytime soon and that the trend might have reversed into a bear trend. These re-
maining die-hard longs will wait patiently for a pullback in the bear swing to exit
their longs, and their positions represent a supply that is overhanging the market.
They sell below the most recent swing high because they doubt that the market will
be able to get above a prior swing high and are happy to get out at any price above
the most recent low. Bears will also look for a pullback from each new low to add
to their shorts and place new shorts. The result is a series of lower highs and lower
lows, which is the deﬁnition of a bear trend.
Typically, the initial move will break the trend line and then form a pullback
that tests the end of the old trend, and traders will look to initiate countertrend
(actually with-trend, in the direction of the new trend) positions after this test. Most

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
45
traders will want the leg that breaks the trend line and the one that tests the trend’s
extreme to have more than just two or three bars. Is ﬁve enough? What about 10?
It all depends on context. A trend line break that has just one or two exceptionally
large bars can be enough to make traders expect at least a second leg. Is a two-bar
pullback enough of a test of the old extreme? Most traders prefer to see at least
ﬁve bars or so, but sometimes the trend line break or the pullback can be only
two or three bars long and still convince traders that the trend has reversed. If one
of the two legs is just a couple of bars, most traders will not trade the new trend
aggressively unless the other leg has more bars. Because of this, the new trend will
rarely begin after just a two-bar trend line break and then a two-bar test of the old
trend. Even when one does, the odds are high that there will be a larger pullback
within the next 10 bars or so.
The test after the trend line break may fall short of the prior extreme or it may
exceed it, but not by too much. With any countertrend trade, traders should insist
on a strong signal bar, because without it the odds of success are much less. For
example, if there is a bear trend and then a sharp move upward that extends well
beyond the bear trend line, traders will look to buy on the ﬁrst pullback, hoping for
the ﬁrst of many higher lows. They will want a strong bull reversal bar or two-bar
reversal before taking the trade. However, sometimes the pullback extends below
the low of the bear trend, running stops on the new longs. If this lower low reverses
back up within a few bars, it can lead to a strong swing up. If, in contrast, the lower
low extends too far below the prior low, it is better to assume that the bear trend
has begun a new leg down, and then wait for another trend line break, upward
momentum surge, and a higher or lower low pullback, before going long again.
Although traders love to buy the ﬁrst higher low in a new bull trend or sell the
ﬁrst lower high in a new bear trend, if the new trend is good, there will be a series
of pullbacks with trending swings (higher highs and higher lows in a bull trend
or lower highs and lower lows in a bear trend), and each of these pullbacks can
provide an excellent entry. A pullback can be a strong bear spike, but as long as
traders think the trend is now upward, they will buy around the close of the strong
bear trend bar, expecting no follow-through and looking for the bear reversal to
fail. The bulls see the strong bear spike as a brief value opportunity. Beginners
unfortunately see it as the start of a new bear trend, ignoring all of the bullishness
of the prior bars and focusing on only this one- or two-bar bear spike. They short
exactly where the strong bulls are buying. The bulls will expect every attempt by
the bears to fail, and therefore look to buy each one. They will buy around the close
of every bear trend bar, even if the bar is large and closes on its low. They will buy
as the market falls below the low of the prior bar, any prior swing low, and any
support level, like a trend line. They also will buy every attempt by the market to
go higher, like around the high of a bull trend bar or as the market moves above the
high of the prior bar or above a resistance level. This is the exact opposite of what

46
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
traders do in strong bear markets, when they sell above and below bars, and above
and below both resistance and support. They sell above bars (and around every
type of resistance), including strong bull trend bars, because they see each move
up as an attempt to reverse the trend, and most trend reversal attempts fail. They
sell below bars (and around every type of support), because they see each move
down as an attempt to resume the bear trend, and expect that most will succeed.
The ﬁrst pullback after a reversal up into a new bull trend is usually a test of the
bear low, but it may not even get very close to the bear low. It, like all subsequent
pullbacks in the new bull trend, can also be a test of a breakout of a key point like
the most recent signal bar high or entry bar low, a trend line, a prior swing point,
a trading range, or a moving average. After the market moves above the high of
the ﬁrst leg up, bulls will move their protective stops up to just below this higher
low. They will continue to trail their stops to just below the most recent higher
low after every new higher high until they believe that the market is becoming two-
sided enough to start having two-legged corrections down. Once they believe that
the market will have a second leg down that will likely fall below the low of the
ﬁrst leg down (the most recent higher low), they will look to exit their longs on
strength, like around the close of a bull trend bar that is at, above, or slightly below
the trend’s high, or below the low of the prior bar. It does not make sense for them
to exit below the most recent higher low once they believe that the market will
get there. Instead, they will exit higher and look to buy again around that higher
low. If this bull ﬂag is sideways, it could be a simple high 2, a triangle, or a double
bottom; it could also form a lower low and be a traditional ABC correction.
All trends are in channels, and most trends end with a breakout of the trend
channel, which may not be obvious on the time frame of the chart in front of you.
For example, a bull trend typically ends in one of two ways. First, there can be
a breakout above the channel in an attempt to create an even steeper bull trend.
This only rarely succeeds and usually fails within one to ﬁve bars. The market then
reverses back down below the trend channel line and into the channel, and then
the minimum target is a poke below the trend line at the bottom of the channel.
This will usually have at least a two-legged sideways to down correction and may
lead to a trend reversal or a trading range. The pullback from the ﬁrst leg down
usually becomes a lower high, and the second leg down will usually extend to some
measured move target, like a leg 1 = leg 2 move or a projection based on the height
of the bear spike or of some trading range within the bull channel.
Alternatively, the market can break below the bull trend line without ﬁrst over-
shooting the trend channel line. The breakout can be a sharp spike down or a side-
ways drift into a trading range. In either case, the pullback that tests the bull high
can be either a higher high or a lower high; they occur about equally frequently.
Since at least two legs down will happen in about two-thirds of cases, a higher high
should be followed by two legs down, and a lower high may be followed by a single
leg, since the ﬁrst leg down already occurred just before the lower high formed. In

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
47
the other third of cases, the reversal attempt fails, and the bull trend resumes or a
trading range forms.
If the market forms a higher high in its test of the old bull high, one of the best
trades is to look for a short setup on the ﬁrst lower high, which is a test of the
higher high. In a bear trend where there is an upward momentum surge that breaks
above a major bear trend line, traders will buy the ﬁrst higher low. Their buying
lifts the market and reinforces everyone’s belief that a new bull trend might be
beginning.
An important point is that trends last much longer than most traders would ever
imagine. Because of that, most reversal patterns fail and evolve into continuation
setups, and most continuation patterns succeed. Traders have to be very careful
when trading countertrend based on a reversal pattern, but there are price action
setups that greatly increase the chances of a proﬁtable trade.
Since most reversal attempts fail, many traders enter in the opposite direction.
For example, if there is a bull trend and it forms a large bear trend bar closing on
its low, most traders will expect this reversal attempt to fail, and many will buy at
the close of the bear bar. If the next bar has a bull body, they will buy at the close of
that bar and above its high. The ﬁrst target is the high of the bear trend bar, and the
next target is a measured move up, equal to the height of the bear trend bar. Some
traders will use an initial protective stop that is about the same number of ticks
as the bear trend bar is tall, and others will use their usual stop, like two points in
the Emini.
If you ﬁnd yourself drawing many trend channel lines during a trend and see-
ing lots of wedge reversal setups, then you are too eager to ﬁnd a reversal and are
likely missing many great with-trend trades. Also, since most trend channel line
overshoots and reversals are minor in a strong trend and fail, you will be trading
loser after loser and wondering why these patterns are failing when they are sup-
posed to be so good. Wait for a strong trend line break before looking for a coun-
tertrend trade; look at all those minor trend channel line overshoots as the start of
with-trend setups, and enter where the losers are exiting on their protective stops.
You will be much happier, more relaxed, and richer, and you will be entertained by
how well they work when intuitively they should not.
One of the reasons it is so tempting for a beginner to sell rallies in a strong bull
trend is that the market spends so much time near the high of the leg, and one gets
impatient waiting for a pullback that never seems to come. Also, there does not
seem to be enough room to the top of the screen for the market to go any higher,
so it is easy to imagine that it has to go lower. The market is so overdone that there
surely has to be an imminent regression to the mean in the form of a reversal that
will fall far enough to make at least a scalper’s proﬁt. Traders begin to believe that
they have to do something in the meantime while they wait for the market to pull
back, and as traders, they assume that they must trade. Instead, they should think of
themselves as traders who must make a lot of money, not a lot of trades. Since they

48
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
are afraid to buy at the high and they believe that a pullback is overdue, they short,
expecting that they will make money as the market begins to pull back. Most of the
time, the market will pull back a little but then reverse back up. It does not fall far
enough for them to make a proﬁt on their countertrend short scalps, and they are
stopped out with a loss. The bull trend then resumes again in a quick breakout, and
they are on the sidelines, watching, feeling sad, and a little bit poorer. Experienced
traders take the other side of this trade. Many place limit orders to buy at the low of
that weak bear signal bar, and others place stop orders to get long at one tick above
the high of the prior bar in the small pullback. When the pullback sets up a long,
beginners are still ﬁxated on that top that led to the pullback, and they are afraid
that the market might fall further. Or they are still short, hoping for the market to
drop just a little more so that they can make a proﬁt on their short scalp. Surely
one of their short scalps has to work. They just lost on their last four shorts, and
the market has to realize how unfair it has been, and will now make up for it by
giving them a proﬁt. They do not accept that it is all math and has nothing to do
with fairness or emotion. After several months or years of losing, they decide that
when they see a bull trend, they will not take a single short all day. That is the day
when they stop losing money. After many months, they decide that when there is
a bull trend, they are only going to buy pullbacks and take no other trades. That is
the day that they begin to make money.
In a bull trend, buyers continue to buy until they decide that the trader’s equa-
tion is no longer as favorable as they would like it to be, and at that point they
begin to take partial proﬁts. As the market continues to rise, they continue to take
more proﬁts and are not eager to buy again until there is a pullback. Also, shorts
are being squeezed out of the market as the market continues upward, and they
are being forced to buy back their short positions. At some point, they will have
covered all that they wish to cover, and their buying will stop. There will also be
momentum traders who will continue to buy as long as there is good momentum,
but these traders will be quick to take proﬁts once the momentum slows. The mar-
ket will continue up until it overshoots the directional probability of an equidistant
move. The bulls and bears are never sure when that probability is 50 percent, and
the trend will continue until the math clearly favors a move down. Neutrality is
never clear, and excess is much easier to spot. It will always occur at some magnet
area, but since there are so many to choose from, it is difﬁcult to know which will
work. Usually, there has to be a conﬂuence of magnets before a pullback will de-
velop. Some ﬁrms will be placing trades based on one or more magnets, and other
ﬁrms will use different ones; but once there is a critical mass of ﬁrms expecting a
pullback, the market will turn. The critical mass comes when the selling pressure
becomes greater than the buying pressure and is due to more dollars being traded
by traders expecting a pullback. There will no longer be a shortage of offers, re-
quiring the market to go higher to ﬁnd traders to take the other side of the bull

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
49
trades. Instead, traders will be quick to place shorts at the offer. In fact, they will
start shorting at the bid and the market will have to go lower to ﬁnd enough buyers
to ﬁll the large number of sell orders. Those sellers will be a combination of bulls
selling out of their longs and bears establishing shorts.
So who is buying that last tick at the top of a bull trend or selling the low of a
bear trend? Is it the accumulation of countless small traders who are getting caught
up in the panic and either are on the wrong side and being forced to liquidate in the
face of rapidly growing losses or are ﬂat and impulsively entering late in a rapidly
moving trend? If only we could be so inﬂuential! That might have been the case
long ago, but not in today’s market. If there is so much volume at the high and low
of the day and the institutions make up most of that volume, why would they buy
the high tick of the day if they are so smart? The majority of the day’s volume is
driven by statistically based mathematical algorithms, and some of those models
will continue to buy until there is a clear trend change, and only then will they
reverse to the short side. These momentum programs will buy right up to the last
tick of a bull trend and short to the very low of a bear trend because the designers of
the systems have determined that this approach maximizes their proﬁt. Remember,
there is inertia in a trend and trends are very resistant to ending, so betting on them
continuing is a good bet. Because they trade such huge volume, there is an ample
supply of buying at the high to take the other side of the huge volume of shorts that
is coming in at the top (and vice versa at the bottom).
Just because they are very smart and trade huge volume does not mean that
they are making a 5 percent proﬁt a day. In fact, the best of them are netting a
fraction of a percentage point each day, and some of them have determined that
their proﬁt is maximized by continuing to buy, even including the high tick of the
day, because they believe that the market might go at least a tick or two higher.
Many high-frequency trading (HFT) algorithms are designed to make very small
proﬁts on each trade, and if these quant ﬁrms have done tests that tell them that
they can make a couple more ticks by buying at the high, they will continue to buy.
Many ﬁrms also have complex strategies involving options and other products, and
it is impossible to know what all the factors are at play at the extremes of the day.
For example, they might be expecting a reversal down and be entering a delta-
neutral spread where they would buy 200 Emini contracts and buy 2,000 SPY at-
the-money puts. They lose only if the market goes sideways in a very tight range
for several days. If the market goes up, the puts will lose money at a slower rate
than the rate at which the Eminis gain in value. If the market falls, the puts will
increase in value faster than the long Eminis will fall in value, and their neutral
spread becomes increasingly more of a bear play. This will allow them to proﬁt,
even though they bought the Eminis at the high of the day. All that you need to know
is that there is huge volume at the extremes, and it is coming from institutions, some
of which are buying the high while others are selling it.

50
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Incidentally, there is one other common sign of just how active mathematical,
computer-generated trading is. Just look at correlated markets, like the Emini and
all of the related exchange-traded funds (ETFs) like the SPY, and you will see that
they basically move tick for tick. This is also true for other related markets. This
could not be taking place so perfectly all day long if it was being done manually.
Also, chart patterns would not be as perfect as they are on all time frames, even
down to tick charts, unless a huge volume of the trading was computer generated.
People simply cannot analyze and place orders that quickly in so many markets
simultaneously, so the perfection has to be the result of computer-generated trades,
and they must make up the majority of the trading volume.
When there is a strong trend with no signiﬁcant pullbacks, it is common to
start looking for a small reversal because common sense dictates that the market
will eventually have to pull back as traders begin to take partial proﬁts and enough
countertrend traders take new positions. Regression to a mean logic works every-
where in life and it should in trading as well. And it does, but it usually occurs after
the market has reached a far greater extreme than most traders could imagine. A
trader will have to decide if it is better to look for a countertrend scalp or to wait
for the pullback to end and then enter in the direction of the trend. If the trend is
strong, it is usually better to trade countertrend only if there are clear signs of a
trend reversal, such as a prior strong trend line breakout and then a test that ends
with a strong reversal bar. However, the temptation is great to do something, and
many traders will begin to look at smaller time frame charts, like a 1 minute or
100 tick chart. Smaller time frame charts continue to form reversals as the trend
progresses, and the vast majority of the reversals fail. A trader can rationalize tak-
ing the countertrend trade by thinking that a 1 minute chart has small bars so the
risk is only about four ticks, and if this turns out to be the very top of the market, the
potential gain is huge. Therefore, taking a few small losses is worth it. Invariably,
the few small losses turn into six or seven and their combined effect is a loss that
cannot be recovered later in the day. When traders get lucky and pick the exact end
of a trend, they will scalp out with a few ticks of proﬁt instead of riding the trade for
a long way, as they originally had planned. This is death by mathematics. It’s great to
feel smart enough to buy the low of a bear trend or short the high of a bull trend, but
if you lose in nine out of 10 attempts, you will slowly go broke. In general, buying
pullbacks in bull trends and selling rallies in bear trends is a much better approach
for most traders. There are far more trades, and the winning percentage is higher.
If you are becoming agitated because you are not in the market during an ex-
tended trend and you feel like you need to trade so you begin to look at a 1 minute
chart, those 1 minute reversals offer a very proﬁtable way to make money. How-
ever, it is by doing the opposite of the obvious. Wait for a 1 minute reversal to
trigger a countertrend entry, which you do not take, and then determine where you
would place a protective stop if you had taken the trade. Then, place a stop order

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
51
to enter with trend at that price. You will be stopped into a with-trend position just
as the countertrend traders are getting stopped out. No one will be looking to en-
ter countertrend at that point and likely not until the trend has moved far enough
to make a proﬁt before the next countertrend setup begins to form. This is a very
high-probability with-trend scalp.
The single most reliable countertrend trade is actually a with-trend trade on a
larger time frame. A pullback is a small trend against the larger trend, and when
you enter against the trend of that pullback, you are entering in the direction of the
larger trend. Once the pullback traders have exhausted themselves and the trend
traders have again demonstrated their resolve by breaking the trend line that con-
tained the pullback, any small pullback to test this breakout is a great breakout
pullback entry. This entry is counter to the trend of the pullback, but in the direc-
tion of the major trend, and will usually lead to at least a test of the major trend’s
extreme. The more momentum that is present in the trend line break, the more
likely it is that trade will be proﬁtable. For example, if there is a bull ﬂag, you can
buy the bottom of the bull ﬂag, the breakout of the bull ﬂag, or on a small pullback
from that breakout for a test of the high of the bull trend.
Momentum in a reversal can be in the form of a few large trend bars or a trend-
ing series of average-looking bars. The more signs of strength, the more reliable the
reversal will be. These are discussed in more detail in Chapter 2 of book 2 on the
strength of breakouts and in Chapter 19 of book 1 on the strength of trends. Ideally,
the ﬁrst leg of the reversal will extend for many bars, break well beyond the mov-
ing average, have the majority of the bars be trend bars in the direction of the new
trend, and extend beyond swing points in the prior trend (if the prior trend was a
bull trend, then it is a sign of strength if the ﬁrst leg of the new bear trend drops
below and closes below one or more of the higher lows of that prior bull trend).
Big traders don’t hesitate to enter a trend during its spike phase, because they
expect signiﬁcant follow-through, even if there is a pullback immediately after their
entry. If a pullback occurs, they increase the size of their position. For example, if
there is a strong bull breakout lasting several bars, more and more institutions be-
come convinced that the market has become always-in long with each new higher
tick, and as they believe that the market will go higher, they start buying. This
makes the spike grow very quickly. They have many ways to enter, like buying
at the market, buying a one- or two-tick pullback, buying above the prior bar on a
stop, or buying on a breakout above a prior swing high. It does not matter how they
get in, because their focus is to get at least a small position on and then look to buy
more as the market moves higher or if it pulls back. Because they will add on as the
market goes higher, the spike can extend for many bars. Beginning traders see
the growing spike and wonder how anyone could be buying at the top of such a
huge move. What they don’t understand is that the institutions are so conﬁdent that
the market will soon be higher that they will buy all of the way up, because they

52
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
don’t want to miss the move while waiting for a pullback to form. Beginners are
also afraid that their stops would have to be below the bottom of the spike, or at
least below its midpoint, which is far away. The institutions know this, and simply
adjust their position size down to a level where their dollars at risk are the same
for any other trade. At some point, the early buyers take some proﬁts, and then
the market pulls back a little. When it does, the traders who want a larger position
quickly buy, thereby keeping the initial pullback small.
Although the best reversals have strong momentum and go a long way, they
often are very slow to start and can have several small bars before the sharp moves
begin. The result is that most trend reversal setups have a less than 50 percent
chance of success. For example, a reversal up in a new bull trend often starts as
a low-momentum rally with overlapping bars and pullbacks, making many traders
believe that another bear ﬂag is forming. The ﬁrst pullback is a low 1 short setup.
However, traders should not short a low 1 unless the market is in a strong bear
spike in a clear bear trend, so this low 1 is likely to fail. Aggressive traders will
instead buy at the bottom and below the low 1 signal bar, expecting it to fail. There
is often then a low 2 short setup. However, if you believe that the trend has reversed
up, this is also likely to fail and again aggressive bulls will buy with limit orders at
and below the low of the low 2 signal bar. Once it does fail, traders will see this
failed low 2 as a failed bear ﬂag, and it often leads to a strong breakout to the
upside. That bear ﬂag becomes the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear trend, even though it never
broke out to the downside by more than a tick or so. Sometimes the market has
one more push up into a wedge bear ﬂag before the upside breakout forms.
You can think of the bear ﬂag as an attempt by the market to trap you out of the
long trade that you entered a few bars earlier on the ﬁrst reversal up so that you will
have to chase the move up and add fuel to the new bull trend. One of the failed short
entries often quickly becomes a strong outside up bar. This happens so quickly that
many bulls who were looking to buy the failed low 1 or low 2 become paralyzed.
They were hoping for a quiet buy signal bar with a high near the bottom of the low 2
signal bar, and instead they are being forced into a quick decision. Do they want to
buy an outside up bar at what could be the top of a bear ﬂag? Most traders will
hesitate and wait for a pullback to buy, but at this point everyone believes that the
bears have lost and that the market is going higher. They don’t know if there will
be a pullback in the next several bars, but they do know that if there is, it will be
followed by a new high to the bull leg. When that kind of clear always-in mentality is
present, there usually will not be a pullback until the market is much higher. That is
why it is important to buy at least a small position. The mathematics of bull spikes
is discussed in Part I of book 2 on breakouts and even more so in Chapter 25 in
book 2 on the mathematics of trading, but the important thing to remember is that
if you are trapped out of the market, enter at least a small position at the market or

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
53
on a one- or two-tick pullback, and place a very wide stop. The mathematics of this
trade is strongly in your favor.
The low 1, low 2, or wedge bear ﬂag will trap weak new bulls out and force them
to reenter the new bull trend at a much worse price. Some of the strongest trends
come from these traps because they tell traders that the last bear trend trader just
got burned and there is no one left from the old trend. Also, they tell us that weak
bull traders just got out and now will be chasing the new bull trend, adding orders in
the new direction. This gives traders conﬁdence. When this kind of agitated reversal
happens after a trend line break and on the test of the trend’s extreme, the new
trend will usually last for at least 10 bars and it will retrace a good portion of the
most recent part of the old trend.
Even if there are no pullback bars on the 5 minute chart, it is common at the
very start of a trend to ﬁnd pullbacks on 1 and 3 minute charts, which also trap
traders out. Sometimes traders will enter based on a 5 minute signal and think they
are clever by using a stop based on a smaller time frame chart. When the 5 minute
signal is strong, this will usually be a mistake. It is better to suffer through a few
bars of anxiety than to exit on a smaller time frame chart, because you will get
trapped out of too many great trends.
If a trader enters early but the move is hesitant (for example, with overlapping
bars) for a few bars, this should not be a concern, especially if those bars are mostly
trend bars in the right direction. This is a sign of strength, and everyone is watching
and waiting for the momentum to begin before entering. A good price action trader
can often get in before that happens and then is able to move her stop to breakeven
soon after the momentum starts, allowing her to make a lot of money with minimal
risk. If you are conﬁdent in your read, take your trade, and don’t worry that no
one else sees what you see yet. They eventually will. Make sure to swing part or
even all of your position even though you sometimes will get stopped out on your
breakeven stop once or twice before the trend begins its run.
So what is the best reversal setup? It is the end of a pullback when the short-
term countertrend move is ending and reversing back into the direction of the ma-
jor trend. In other words, the best reversals are a bull ﬂag in a bull trend just as
it is breaking out to the upside and a bear ﬂag in a bear trend just as it is revers-
ing back down. Major reversals are less common since most reversal attempts fail
and become ﬂags. A reversal trade can be based on a traditional reversal after a
trend line break and then a test of the extreme, followed by a very strong coun-
tertrend spike that leads to an always-in ﬂip to the opposite trend. If it comes after
a trend line break, there is often a second entry. If the trend was strong, it is usually
better to wait for that second entry; but if it does not come, the market will likely
create a strong enough countertrend spike to make most traders believe that the
always-in position has reversed. For example, if there is a bull trend and traders

54
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
are looking for a reversal but the setup is not particularly strong, they should wait
to see if the market will give a second entry in the form of a lower high or a higher
high within the next ﬁve bars or so. If it does not and it instead sells off for four or
ﬁve bars, breaks out of a pattern, and then has follow-through on the next bar, this
will be enough bear strength to convince most traders that the always-in position
has ﬂipped to short. They will sell either at the market or on pullbacks.
Much of this material is in book 2 on trading ranges, but it is relevant here as
well because of the widespread misconception that reversal patterns are reliable.
Since trends are constantly creating reversal patterns and they all fail except the
ﬁnal one, it is misleading to think of these commonly discussed patterns as reversal
patterns. It is far more accurate to think of them as continuation patterns that rarely
fail, but when they do, the failure can lead to a reversal. It is a mistake to see every
top or bottom as a great reversal setup, because if you take all of those countertrend
entries, the majority of your trades will be losers and your occasional wins will not
be enough to offset your losses. However, if you are selective and look for other
evidence that a trend might reverse, these can be effective setups.
All head and shoulders tops and bottoms are really head and shoulders contin-
uation patterns (ﬂags) because they are trading ranges, and like all trading ranges,
they are much more likely to break out in the direction of the trend and only rarely
reverse the trend. The same is true for double tops and bottoms. For example, if
there is a head and shoulders top in a bull market, a breakout below the neckline
will usually fail and the market will most likely then reverse up and have a with-
trend breakout to the upside, above the right shoulder. The pattern is a triangle, a
triple bottom, or a wedge bull ﬂag, and the three pushes down are the down legs
after the left shoulder, the head, and the right shoulder. Other bulls see the move
down from the head to the neckline as a bull ﬂag, and the rally that forms the right
shoulder as the breakout above the bull ﬂag. The sell-off from the right shoulder to
the neckline is then either a lower low or higher low pullback from that breakout,
and if the market reverses up, the bulls see the reversal as a buy setup.
Since the right shoulder is a lower high, the bears see it as the ﬁrst pullback
in a new bear trend, and therefore the rally to the right shoulder is a bear ﬂag. If
the market trades above the right shoulder, the bear ﬂag will have failed, and the
market usually rallies for a measured move up based on either the height of the
right shoulder or the entire head and shoulders top. Also, if there is a bear market
that is forming a trading range and that trading range assumes the shape of a head
and shoulders top, a break below the neckline is a with-trend breakout of a bear
ﬂag and is likely to lead to lower prices.
Similarly, head and shoulders bottoms are also with-trend setups. A head and
shoulders bottom in a bear trend is usually a triangle or a wedge bear ﬂag and
should break out to the downside, below the right shoulder. A head and shoulders
bottom in a bull market is a bull ﬂag and should break out to the upside, above the

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
55
neckline. The right shoulder itself is a smaller bull ﬂag, and if the market trades
below it, it has failed, and a sell-off usually ensues.
The vast majority of reversals are related to trading ranges. Since trading ranges
are ﬂags and usually break out in the direction of the trend, most reversal patterns
do not lead to reversals. Therefore, there are no reliable (high probability) reversal
patterns. For example, when there is a bull trend, most double tops, triple tops,
head and shoulders tops, and triangle tops break to the upside instead of the down-
side, and are bull ﬂags and do not lead to reversals. Occasionally, one will instead
break to the downside and lead to a reversal. When that happens, traders apply one
of the reversal pattern names to refer to the trading range; they select the name that
best describes the shape of the range. Many upside breakouts of bull ﬂags soon re-
verse down and then the market breaks to the downside, creating a reversal. When
that happens, the bull ﬂag becomes the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bull trend (discussed in
Chapter 7). Most climactic reversals are usually variations of ﬁnal ﬂag reversals.
The opposite is true in bear trends where most reversal patterns are bear ﬂags and
lead to bear breakouts. When one instead leads to a bull breakout (whether or not
it ﬁrst breaks to the downside, reverses up, and becomes the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear
trend), traders then apply the name of the reversal pattern that best describes the
shape of the trading range.
When a reversal is gradual, like when it comes from a trading range, the trading
range is traditionally called an area of distribution at the end of a bull trend or an
area of accumulation at the end of a bear trend. When there is a trading range top,
the bulls are said to be distributing their longs, which simply means that they are
selling out to take proﬁts. When there is a trading range bottom, the bulls are said to
be accumulating their longs, which means that they are buying as they build a long
position. Since short selling has become so common, it is logical to refer to the trad-
ing range at the top of a bull trend as an area of distribution by the bulls and an area
of accumulation for the bears, who are building a short position. Likewise, when
there is a trading range bottom in a bear trend, it is an area of accumulation for the
bulls and an area of distribution for the bears who are taking proﬁts on their shorts.
Many days that become reversal days on the daily chart are trending trading
range days on the 5 minute chart. For example, if there is a bear trending trading
range day and later in the day it breaks back into the upper trading range, which is
common, and rallies to the top of that upper trading range and closes near the high
of the day, the day will be a bull reversal day on the daily chart (discussed more in
Chapter 22 of book 1).
Typically, entries in trend pullbacks look bad but are proﬁtable, and entries in
reversals look reasonably good but are losers. If you are looking to buy a reversal
in a bear trend or sell a top of a bull trend, make sure that it is perfect. Trends
constantly form reversals that somehow don’t look quite right. Maybe there is too
much overlap with the prior bars or too many dojis, or the reversal bar is too small

56
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
or pulls back several ticks in the seconds before it closes, or there is no prior break
of a signiﬁcant trend line, or there has been no failed breakout of a trend channel
line. These almost perfect reversals sucker you in and trap you, so you should never
take a reversal trade unless it is clear and strong. Most of the time, you should wait
to buy after there is a higher low in a new bull trend and wait to sell after a lower
high in a new bear trend.
Many traders look for countertrend scalps. They become impatient as they wait
for a strong reversal that should have at least two legs and they instead take a weak
signal. For example, they might buy a bull reversal bar at a swing low in a bear
trend. However, if they believe that the trend is still down and they are only looking
for a scalp, they need to have a plan to get out if their trade fails. Many traders
will allow the market to trigger a low 1 short if they believe that there should be a
second leg up. They will hold long and hope for the low 1 short to fail and form a
higher low. If the market then does not go up much and instead forms a low 2 short
setup, most traders would exit if the low 2 triggers. If the low 2 does not trigger and
there is one more small push up, this is a low 3 setup, which is a wedge bear ﬂag.
Bulls must exit if it triggers, because it is a strong sell signal in a bear trend. They
don’t want a trend to attempt to resume twice, and many will correctly reverse to
short as the low 2 or 3 triggers. They needed the higher low to hold if the market
was going to turn up and if it is now forming a low 2 or 3 short, they don’t want
to risk to below that higher low. Rather than wait for a protective stop below the
higher low to be hit, they will exit their long on the low 2 or 3 short entry because
they know that the bears will begin to short aggressively there, and many more
shorts will come in below that higher low. They know that in about 80 percent of
cases, a low 2 or 3 short in a strong bear trend will hit the stops below the higher
low, and they want to minimize their losses. This is one of the reasons why low 2
and 3 shorts are so reliable in strong bear trends and high 2 and 3 longs are reliable
in strong bull trends. The trapped countertrend scalpers will take their losses there
and not look for another countertrend trade for at least a couple more bars. This
makes the market one-sided in favor of the trend traders.
There is a rhythm to the market as it forms alternating trends. One trend will of-
ten end with a trend channel line overshoot and reversal followed by a two-legged
move that breaks the trend line. The two legs then allow for the drawing of a chan-
nel for the new trend. Some trends end with simply a trend line break and then
a test, followed by a second leg. Again, these two legs form a new trend channel
that may be the start of a new trend or simply a ﬂag in the old trend. If the new
trend is weak, it will usually just result in a pullback and then a resumption of the
old trend. Traders should always be drawing or at least visualizing trend lines and
trend channel lines and watching how the market reacts when it tests these lines.
Major reversals from bear markets are often volatile with large bars and
several pushes up and down creating one to several sell climaxes. People think

TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
57
that the worst is over but then realize “Oops, I’m too early,” and they are quick to
sell out. This can happen several times before the ﬁnal bottom is in and accounts
for why so many major reversals end with large range bars and either a failed ﬂag
or a three-push pattern. Climactic reversals with big bars and huge volume are
more common at bottoms than at tops. More often, a top comes from a trading
range, like a double top or a head and shoulders top, followed by a downside
breakout in the form of a strong bear spike. However, tops can be climactic, and
bottoms can be trading ranges.
When the market is in a bull trend on the higher time frame charts, the 5 minute
chart often has a rally into the close, and the bar of the daily chart has a higher
chance of being a bull trend bar. If the market has started to sell off into the closes
of recent days, the market might be transitioning into a bear trend or at least into a
bigger pullback. Pay attention to what the market does in the ﬁnal 30 to 60 minutes,
because it often is a reﬂection of the higher time frame trend. That sell-off into the
close can be from mutual fund redemptions, from long liquidation by day traders,
and obviously from programs, which make up most of the day’s volume. The pro-
grams are based on math and if the math is indicating that the market should fall
into the close, the market might be in the process of transitioning from a trend
into a trading range or even a bear trend. Those low closes create weak bars on
the higher time frame charts, and traders will see them as a sign of building selling
pressure. This will make them hold off buying until the pullbacks are deeper, and it
will encourage bears to short more aggressively. This is not good for the bulls. The
opposite is true of a bear trend on the 60 minute or daily charts. Strong rallies into
the close of the day on the 5 minute chart often mean that the next rally might be
large and that it might be the start of a bull reversal.
Signiﬁcant tops in the S&P are often presaged by a big down day or two in a
bellwether stock like Apple (AAPL). If the market leaders are selling off, the market
might be topping. Traders usually take proﬁts on their big winners if they expect
a bigger correction in the overall market. In a strong stock market, some stocks
tend to rise faster than others. At these times, traders look for “risk-on” trades and
invest heavily in these stocks (and currencies, like the Australian dollar, the New
Zealand dollar, the Canadian dollar, the Swedish krona). Once they believe that the
stock market is going to turn down, they sell their risk-on stocks and buy “risk-off”
stocks and currencies, like Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Altria Group (MO), Procter &
Gamble (PG), the U.S. dollar, the Swiss franc, and the Japanese yen. They also
invest in risk-off currencies, gold, and Treasury notes and bonds when they are
afraid of some international event and want to make sure that their money will be
safe and readily available whenever they need it. When a strong bull trend begins to
top out, the institutions transition from overweighting to regular weighting of their
stocks, and this often causes the market leaders to turn down several days before
the overall market. For example, if AAPL is up 40 percent over the past year and

58
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
the S&P is overbought, and then Apple loses 3 percent in one day, it might be a sign
that big traders think that the market might turn down in the coming days. There is
a natural tendency to take proﬁts where you have them, and if you have a lot in a
major tech stock like Apple and you are expecting the overall market to pull back
5 to 10 percent, you might ﬁrst take proﬁts in the stocks where the proﬁts are the
greatest. If many funds do this in one day, Apple can fall 3 percent at the top. This
might be a sign that the funds are ready to start taking proﬁts in their other stocks
as well. If they do, the overall market might correct. As the overall market falls,
traders get margin calls, and they tend to sell out of the stocks where they have the
most proﬁts, which are the market leaders. This can cause the stocks that rose the
fastest in the bull trend to fall the fastest in the correction.
The mathematics of reversals is similar to that of breakouts. In general, if the
setup is strong, you believe that there is at least a 60 percent chance of a minimum
of a two-legged move that will last at least 10 bars. In most cases, your proﬁt tar-
get will be two or more times greater than your risk, and that great risk/reward
ratio, combined with the high probability of success, makes reversal trades so ap-
pealing to traders. The trick is to know when a setup is good, and the problem is
that trends are constantly creating reversal setups that are almost good enough, but
aren’t quite right. These weak setups constantly trap overly eager reversal traders,
and as they are forced out with losses, they add fuel to the growing trend. However,
there are many signs that traders can use to identify reliable setups, and these signs
of strength are detailed in the next chapter.
Most initial entries have relatively low probability (about 40 to 50 percent) of
success. Some traders prefer a higher probability, and they wait for strong follow-
through and a clear always-in ﬂip. The trade-off is a smaller reward for a higher
chance of success. Both approaches can be mathematically sound, and traders
should choose the approach that best suits their personalities. For example, when
the average range in the Emini is about 10 to 15 points, the probability of a four-
point swing on a reasonably good-looking reversal (one where the context is good
and there is a decent signal bar) is often only about 40 percent (it can be 50 to
60 percent when the setup is very strong). However, the chance of a two-point
stop being hit before either the proﬁt target is reached or a reversal signal devel-
ops, where the trader can exit with a smaller loss or a small proﬁt, is often only
about 30 percent. This makes the trader’s equation very favorable for this type of
trade. If traders win four points in four out of 10 trades, they have 16 points of
proﬁt off of their swing trades. If their other trades consist of maybe three losses
of two points or less and three wins of about one to three points, they will end up
about breakeven on those trades. This is fairly typical when traders pick appropri-
ate setups. They then have about 16 points of proﬁt on 10 trades, or an average of
1.6 points of proﬁt per trade, which is good for a day trader. Remember, most
traders will not take any reversal trade, no matter how minor, unless there is at
least a double top or bottom, a micro double top or bottom, or a ﬁnal ﬂag.

Figure PI.1
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
59
Created with TradeStation
2
1
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
12
13
15
14
11
16
15200.00
14000.00
12800.00
9200.00
8000.00
6800.00
5600.00
4400.00
3200.00
2000.00
800.00
400.00
‘10
‘05
‘00
‘95
‘90
‘85
11600.00
10400.00
TradeStation Chart Analysis - SINDU Monthly [US] Dow Jones Industrial Average
$INDU - Monthly US   L=11858.52 83.93 0.71%   MAX 20 (20) 10744.24
FIGURE PI.1
Dow Jones Industrials Monthly Chart
Most reversal patterns fail at least 80 percent of the time, and the large head and
shoulders top on the monthly Dow Jones Industrials chart shown in Figure PI.1 will
likely fail as well and become a large wedge bull ﬂag or some other type of bull ﬂag.
With the spike down to bar 13 as strong as it was, it will probably get tested by a
lower low, where the pattern will probably form a wedge bull ﬂag and be followed
by a new high a decade or two later. At the moment, the rally from bar 13 is a rally
from the double bottom with bar 9.
Bar 8 is the top of the left shoulder, bar 11 is the head, and the right shoulder
is in the process of forming at bar 16, but it may extend higher before the market
reverses down, if it reverses down. It might reach a new high and form an expanding
triangle top, or it might break out into a new bull leg and then continue up for a
measured move based on the height of the trading range. This could be from the
bar 9 low to the bar 8 or bar 11 high, or the bar 13 low to the bar 11 high.
Newsletter writers who make their living by selling fear will make a fortune by
scaring people into believing that the Dow will fall for a measured move down to
below 1,000 without understanding that this is a trading range in a bull trend, and
therefore the odds are 80 percent or better that it will break out to the upside before
dropping far below bar 13. For a trader, it is far better to bet on the 80 percent, but
newsletter writers who make their living by selling fear make more money from
being right 20 percent of the time or less. They need catastrophic events to be rare

60
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.1
so that people worry about their ﬁnancial death. If crashes were common, people
would learn to trade them and there wouldn’t be enough fear for these writers to
stay rich.
The market will probably form a dueling lines bottom around the bull trend
line drawn below the bars 1, 2, and 4 lows, which it will probably overshoot, and
the trend channel line drawn below the bars 9 and 13 lows, which is the neckline
of the head and shoulders top. Incidentally, notice how the 2008–2009 crash re-
versed up after breaking below the bull trend line drawn from the bar 4 and bar 5
lows, and from below the bars 7 and 9 double bottom. This is what usually hap-
pens. The market has been in a trading range since around bar 7, and most at-
tempts to break out of a trading range fail. The market has inertia and tends to
continue to do what it has been doing. This also makes most attempts to reverse a
trend fail.
Bears see the right shoulder of a head and shoulders top as a lower high and
the ﬁrst pullback in a new bear trend. It is therefore a bear ﬂag. If the market clearly
breaks well below the bear ﬂag, whether or not it also breaks below the neckline
of the head and shoulders top, and then reverses up and rallies above the top of the
right shoulder, the pattern will have failed. The rally will usually reach a measured
move target based on the height either of the right shoulder or of the entire head
and shoulders top. Some traders see the neckline as a horizontal line drawn across
the bottom between the head and the right shoulder (here, the bar 13 low), whereas
others see it as the trend channel line drawn across the lows on both sides of the
head (bars 9 and 13).
The move down to bar 13 had such strong momentum that it will likely be
tested, and since the down move was so strong, the test will probably be a lower
low. That should trap bears in and bulls out, and then the odds favor the market
reversing up in a wedge bull ﬂag. If that is the case, the most likely course from
there would be a breakout above bar 11 and a measured move up, but it might take
a decade or two before that happens.
In the days leading up to the bar 13 crash low, a trader familiar with a dueling
lines pattern would have seen the potential for a reversal up, especially after the
small ﬁnal ﬂag from several bars earlier, the consecutive sell climaxes, and the
large expanding triangle bull ﬂag (bars 7, 8, 9, 11, and 13).
If the market does sell off from a lower high around bar 9, it might ﬁnd support
at the trend line drawn from the bar 1 and bar 4 lows. This is an especially important
line because it involves the 1987 crash low, which was the most dramatic stock
market event since the Great Depression. An event of that magnitude will make
traders respect any technical pattern associated with it.

Figure PI.2
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
61
1
2
3
4
5
5
134.00…
132.00…
130.00…
128.00…
126.00…
124.00…
122.00…
120.00…
118.00…
369.00
360.00
351.00
342.00
333.00
324.00
315.00
306.00
297.00
28
22
14
7
Feb
24
18
10
‘11
27
20
13
6
29 Dec
22
15
8
4
3
2
1
AAPL - Daily NASDAQ L=343.50 4.89 1.44% MAX 20 (20) 348.70
SPY - Daily ARCX  L=131.19  −0.64  −0.49%  MAX 20 (20) 131.68 aTime of O no text 633 635 (.25,366,6…
TradeStation Chart Analysis - SPY Daily [ARCX] S&P Dep Receipts
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE PI.2
Market Leaders Often Lead the S&P
Market leaders are called that because they often lead the overall market in time,
and not just in price. In Figure PI.2, notice how the daily chart of AAPL in the
bottom chart topped out before the SPY at bars 3 and 4. When a market leader
begins to turn down and the overall market does not, it is often a sign that the
market might be about to correct. Traders are switching from risk-on stocks that go
up strongly in a strong stock market to risk-off stocks that will be more stable and
fall less, if at all, in a weak stock market. When traders think that a deeper market
correction is imminent, they take proﬁts ﬁrst where they have them the most, which
is usually in the market leaders. Even if the small sell-off in AAPL is because they
are simply transitioning from overweighting the stock to normal weighting, it can
be a sign that they expect trouble ahead in the overall market.
Incidentally, since most reversal attempts fail, many traders look to fade them.
When they see a bull trend with a large bear trend bar closing on its low, like bar 4,
especially if it is around the moving average, aggressive bulls will buy the close of

62
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.2
the bear bar and will try to buy below its low. Their initial stop might be about as
many ticks as the bear bar is tall, and their ﬁrst proﬁt target is often the high of the
bear bar, and then a measured move up. If the next bar has a bull body, as was the
case here, traders will buy its close and above its high. They wait for bars like this
large bear bar, because they see them as brief opportunities to buy at a great price.
Bear scalpers also like these large bear bars and use them to take proﬁts, buying
back their shorts exactly where the bulls are buying the pullback.

Figure PI.3
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND 
63
1
3
6
7
9
10
11
12
14
13 
16
15
21
24
27
19
17
18
20
22
23
25
26
28
29
30
31
32
33
Jul
Apr
‘08
Oct
Jul
Apr
1,200.00
1,250.00
1,300.00
1,275.25
1,350.00
1,400.00
1,450.00
1,500.00
1,550.00
1,600.00
8
5
4
2
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES Daily [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Sep08]
@ES - Daily CME   L=1275.25  −9.50  −0.74%
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE PI.3 Reversals in the Daily Emini
When a chart discussion runs for multiple pages, remember that you can go to the
Wiley website (www.wiley.com/go/tradingreversals) and either view the chart or
print it out, allowing you to read the description in the book without having to
repeatedly ﬂip pages back to see the chart.
As shown in Figure PI.3, the daily Emini had many trend changes, all of which
followed standard price action principles.
Bar 2 was a ﬁnal bear ﬂag reversal (discussed in Chapter 7) leading to a strong
move up to bar 3, which exceeded the last lower high of the bear trend. Anytime
the market goes above a swing high, it is a sign of strength, even if that high was in
the prior down move and not part of a series of higher highs in an uptrend.
Bar 4 formed a higher low buy setup, and it allowed for the drawing of a bull
trend line. It was also a pullback from the breakout above that last lower high in
the bear leg.
Bar 5 pulled back below the trend line and immediately reversed up and set up
a failed wedge bear ﬂag buy (the swing high just before bar 2 was the ﬁrst of the
three pushes up). However, this now generated a ﬂatter trend line.

64
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.3
Bar 6 was a small wedge top, and the pullback to bar 7 created a new trend line.
Bar 8 was a reversal down after the bar 6 wedge top, and a wedge reversal
usually leads to two legs down. It was a higher high pullback from the downside
breakout below the bar 6 signal bar at the top of the wedge.
The bar 9 leg fell sharply below the last higher low (bar 7) of the bull trend,
indicating bear strength.
Bar 10 was a strong two-legged rally and a lower high test of the bull high, and
it formed a possible double top with bar 8. It was a pullback from the bar 9 bear
spike and would likely be followed by a second leg down that would test the bar 9
bear spike low. It could then be followed by a bear channel or a trading range.
Bar 11 reversed back up after falling just a little below bar 9, so this was likely
the end of a two-legged correction in the prior bull trend. It formed a double bottom
with bar 9. However, this correction broke a major trend line from the bar 2 low,
which meant that the market could reverse down after a test of the bar 8 high. Some
traders would have used the bull trend line drawn across the bar 4 low to the bar 7
low, and others would have used one drawn from the bar 2 low to bar 7 low.
Bar 12 formed a two-legged higher high after a break below a bull trend line.
If this were to lead to a trend reversal, the new bear trend should have at least
two legs down. It was also a failed breakout above the bars 8 and 10 double top.
Whenever a breakout above a double top fails, it is a three-push top. The ﬁrst two
pushes here were the bar 8 and bar 10 tops in the double top. Additionally, it was a
small expanding triangle top (bars 6, 7, 8, 11, and 12).
The ﬁrst leg down to bar 13 was very strong, dropping well below the bars 8 to
11 bull ﬂag. A strong spike usually leads to a measured move, and here there was
a leg 1 = leg 2 move down to bar 15 where leg 2 (bar 14 to bar 15) was just a little
larger than leg 1 down to bar 13.
Once the bar 14 lower high formed, it could be used to create a trend line and
then a trend channel line.
Bar 15 reversed up from its breakout of the trend channel line, so it should have
two legs up and break above the bear trend line, which it did.
Bar 16 broke below the ﬁrst bull trend line and reversed up, forming a double
bottom bull ﬂag with the higher low from six bars earlier.
Bar 17 was a pullback from the breakout above the bull trend channel line and
from the breakout above the double top formed by the two swing highs just before
bar 16. This double top was seen by some traders as a wedge top, created by the
three small pushes up after the bar 15 low.
This rally ended in a small wedge at bar 18, which formed a nominal new high
and an expanding triangle top (bars 8, 11, 12, 15, and 18). It was also the top of the
bull channel that followed the spike up (the spike just before the bar 17 pullback).
Bar 19 fell below the bull trend line and therefore was a breakout below that
trend line. Bar 19 reversed up in an attempt to have the breakout fail. This failed

Figure PI.3
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
65
breakout then failed to resume the bull trend, and the rally to bar 20 then became
a breakout pullback and a lower high after a break below the bull trend line. Re-
member, any failed breakout that fails in its attempt to resume the trend becomes
a breakout pullback in the new trend.
The bar 20 lower high allowed for the creation of a bear trend line and trend
channel line.
Bar 21 fell below a trend channel line and formed a wedge bottom where bar 19
was the ﬁrst push down. It was also the bottom of a small wedge bear channel
following the small two-legged spike down from bar 20. It formed a double bottom
with bar 15 and a test of the bottom of the trading range that was formed by the
bar 2 and bar 15 lows.
The rally up to bar 22 broke above the last small high of the bear trend, and
it broke above a small double top and above the bear trend line. The test of the
bar 22 high failed at bar 23 (it did not go above bar 22), so another down leg was
likely.
Bar 24 reversed up after falling below a trend channel line and breaking out of
the large trading range. This could have set up a lower trading range, and the chart
could have become similar to a trending trading range day on a 5 minute chart. It
was almost an exact measured move down from the bar 20 high to the bar 21 low.
Since this bear spike was down so strongly with large bear trend bars, it was a sell
climax and it might have needed to correct for two legs sideways to up. The two-
legged correction ended at bar 26. A sell climax does not have to lead to a reversal.
It just means that the market went too far too fast and needs to pause as traders
decide what to do next.
The rally to bar 25 broke a steep bear trend line and tested the bottom of the
upper trading range.
Bar 26 failed to go above the bar 25 ﬁrst leg up, and this lower high or double
top bear ﬂag was likely to lead to a leg down and form either a new low (which it
did) or a two-legged pullback bull ﬂag.
Bar 27 was a two-legged lower low following the bar 25 break above the bear
trend line. The second leg down began at bar 26. This could have been a setup for a
trend reversal or for at least a protracted correction. The breakout down to bar 24
might have been setting up a lower trading range of approximately the same height
as the upper trading range between the bar 15 low and the bar 18 high.
Bar 28 was a pullback from the two legs up, but it formed a second higher low,
so at least two more legs up were likely. The move from bar 27 to bar 28 covered
too few bars and too few points to convince enough traders that the correction was
over. It also formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with the slightly lower swing low that
formed after the bar 27 low.
Bar 29 was the third push in a small wedge, but the spike up from bar 28 was
strong enough to make traders wait before shorting aggressively.

66
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.3
Bar 30 was a breakout pullback to a higher high after that small wedge, and
it also was the top of a larger wedge where the ﬁrst push up was the high before
the bar 28 low. It was also the second failed attempt to break back into the up-
per trading range of the past several months, and whenever the market tries to do
something twice and fails both times, it usually tries the opposite. Here, the sell-off
led to a breakout below the lower trading range’s low at bar 27.
Bar 31 formed a double top bear ﬂag following the break of the bull trend line.
Since this was a lower high in a possible resumption of a bear trend, it was a strong
short setup.
Bar 32 tested the wedge bear trend channel line, and it was an attempt to form a
double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 28 or the higher low just before it. The market was
likely to either reverse up or collapse. Traders saw bar 32 as a breakout pullback in
the attempt to break below bar 28. They shorted on a stop at one tick below bar 32
and below the swing low of one bar earlier, which was the low of the wedge.
Bar 33 was a reversal up from a bear trend channel line overshoot, and it led
to a small rally above the trend line. It was also a large expanding triangle bottom
(bars 24, 25, 27, 30, and 33).

Figure PI.4
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
67
1
4
6
5
8
7
9
11
10
12
13
14 15
16
18
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
30
185.00
184.00
183.00
182.00
181.00
180.00
179.00
178.00
177.00
176.00
6/17
12:30
12:00
11:30
10:30
11:00
10:00
9:30
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
12:30
12:00
6/16
9:00
29
31
17
19
3
2
Created with TradeStation
GS - 5 min NYSE  L=168.81  0.90  0.54%  MAX 20 (20) 182.85
TradeStation Chart Analysis - GS 5min [NYSE] Goldman Sachs Group
FIGURE PI.4
Consecutive Buy Climaxes and Deep Corrections
A pullback in a bull trend is a smaller bear trend, as was the correction down to
bar 16. The rally to bar 19 broke above the bear trend line and alerted traders to
a possible major trend reversal up after a test of the bar 16 low. Bar 20 was the
signal bar. The term “major” gives the false impression that something exceptional
must be happening, but that is usually not the case. It is a relative term that simply
means that a trend is trying to reverse. When each leg has 20 or more bars, as was
the case here, traders don’t usually use the term “major trend reversal” and instead
use some other description. Traders use terms to describe what is happening on
the chart in front of them. If they instead were trading the 15 minute chart, bar 28
would be a double top major trend down, since it tested the bar 7 bull high after the
bar 20 break below the bull trend line.
Consecutive buy climaxes usually are followed by a protracted correction that
has at least two legs. As shown in Figure PI.4, bar 7 in Goldman Sachs (GS) was
about 10 percent above yesterday’s low, capping off a huge two-day bull trend. The
spike up from bar 3 to bar 7 was very strong and therefore likely to be tested after
any pullback. The bar 3 bull spike bar was a buy climax, as was the three-bar spike
up from bar 4. The bull bodies became progressively smaller in the spike, and this
was a sign of a loss of momentum.
Instead of correcting, however, the market broke out at bar 6 into an acceler-
ated trend, which ended in a four-bar spike up to bar 7. After a third consecutive

68
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.4
buy climax, a correction lasting at least 10 bars and having at least two legs was
likely. Also, the nine bars up from the bar 2 low all had higher lows and higher
highs, and eight of the nine had higher closes. There was also very little overlap
between adjacent bars. This was unsustainable behavior and therefore climactic,
and was therefore likely to correct. Bar 3 was a bull spike, and the move from bar 4
to bar 7 was a climax type of channel in this spike and climax bull trend.
Since bar 6 broke the trend into an accelerated trend, it was a breakout and
therefore traders would be looking for a measuring gap and other types of mea-
sured moves where they would take proﬁts and possibly look for shorts. Bar 6
broke above bar 5, which was the third bar with shrinking bodies, and therefore
the bodies had a wedge shape and were likely to have some wedge behavior. Once
bar 6 closed many ticks above the high of bar 5, it was more likely to be the start
of a breakout that would have follow-through over the next several bars. After the
next bar closed and its low was above the bar 5 high, bar 6 became a gap and a pos-
sible measuring gap. The top of bar 5 was the breakout point for the failed wedge
top, and, in the absence of an immediate pullback, the low of the ﬁrst bar after the
breakout was the breakout test. This gap could function as a measuring gap, and
the low of the start of the leg up from bar 4 to the middle of the measuring gap
projected up to just below the bar 7 high. There were probably other magnets in
this area, with different ﬁrms relying on different magnets as signs to take proﬁts
or to go short, and the cumulative effect was to begin the correction.
The market broke the steep trend line when it fell to bar 8. Since the correction
should last at least 10 bars, it was a mistake to buy either the high 1 at bar 8 or the
high 2 at bar 10. Both failed, and the market formed a lower high in the form of a
double top bear ﬂag at bar 11. Once the market broke out below bar 10, the double
top projected down to around the bar 13 low. The move down to bar 13 was so
steep that lower prices were likely.
Bar 16 was arguably an acceptable end of a two-legged correction where the
ﬁrst leg down ended at bar 10. It was also below the target of the moving average
and it lasted more than 10 bars. This should have been enough to make many
traders start to buy for a test of the bar 7 bull trend high. It was the end of a wedge
bull ﬂag where either bar 13 or bar 14 was the ﬁrst of the three pushes down. Some
traders saw bar 13 as the ﬁrst leg and other traders believed that bar 14 was the
ﬁrst leg.
The bar 17 breakout of the wedge bull ﬂag was weak and could have been a sign
that the correction was not over. Bar 18 was an acceptable breakout pullback long
setup, but the breakout of the wedge pulled back again to a lower low at bar 20.
This was a lower low after a trend line break (the move to bar 19 broke above the
bear trend line) and a possible end of a pullback in a larger bull trend. The signal
bar had a bull body with a close on its high. The risk/reward ratio was excellent for
a long because the bar was only 64 cents high and traders were buying for a test of
the high of the day, which was almost $4.00 higher. Because they were buying at the

Figure PI.4
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
69
bottom of a trading range, the probability of success was at least 60 percent, mean-
ing that they had a 60 percent chance of making $4.00 while risking only 66 cents.
This is 2 cents more than the height of the signal bar since they would buy on a
stop at one tick above the bar and their protective stop would be one tick below
its low. After the strong bull spike formed at bar 21, the bulls would have moved
their stop to one tick below its low, which was just about breakeven. Although you
don’t have to check other time frames, the ﬁrst big pullback in a strong trend usu-
ally tests the 15 minute moving average. This one was an almost exact test, but that
information was not needed to place the trade. As great a price action buy setup
as this was, notice how the entry bar was a small bull trend bar. The market had
not yet realized how good this was. It is natural to become nervous when you take
what you think is a great trade in a major stock, but no one else sees it as great yet.
Sometimes this happens and the market can have several small bars, usually with
bull bodies, before the bull reversal is perceived as having taken place. That real-
ization occurred during the big bull trend bar, bar 21. It had great momentum and
a shaved top and bottom, meaning that the bulls were extremely aggressive and
higher prices should follow. The bar 21 bull spike was followed by a strong, tight
bull channel up to bar 28, where traders took some proﬁts on the move above the
bar 7 high.
A pullback in a bull trend is a smaller bear trend, as was the correction down
to bar 16. The rally to bar 19 broke above the bear trend line and alerted traders
to a possible major trend reversal up after a test of the bar 16 low. Bar 20 was the
signal bar. It does not matter whether you call this a lower low or a double bottom
(with bar 16). All that matters is that you see it as a test of a bear low after a break
above the bear trend line. That makes it a major trend reversal. The term “major”
gives the false impression that something exceptional must be happening, but that
is usually not the case. It is a relative term that simply means that a trend is trying
to reverse. If the trend is not particularly big, the reversal might not be impressive
either. Here, the trend was a bear trend, which was a pullback in a bull trend, and
the bull trend that followed was simply a test of the bar 7 bull trend high. Since the
pullback down to bar 16 fell well below the bull trend line, the rally to bar 28 was a
test of the bull trend high and a setup for a major trend reversal down. When each
leg has 20 or more bars, as was the case here, traders don’t usually use the term
“major trend reversal” and instead use some other description. The rally up to bar
28 had enough bars for traders to see it as a new trend, and the bar 30 lower high
was a major trend reversal down after the drop to bar 29 fell below the bull trend
line. Traders use terms to describe what is happening on the chart in front of them.
If they instead were trading the 15 chart, bar 28 would be a double top major trend
down, since it tested the bar 7 bull high after the bar 20 break below the bull trend
line, and each leg would be about 10 bars or less on the 15 minute chart, which is
not enough for traders to see the legs as new trends.

70
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.5
Created with TradeStation
1
2
3
4
5
6
8
7
11
9
10
12
14
13
15
16 18
17
19
20
21
22
24
25
26
28
27
29
30
31
32
33
35
34
1260.00
13:00
12:30
12:00
11:30
10:30
9:30
8:30
7:30
7:00
13:00
12:30
12:00
11:00
10:00
9:00
8:00
6/24
1261.00
1262.00
1263.00
1264.00
1265.00
1266.00
1267.00
1268.00
1269.00
1270.00
1271.00
1272.00
1273.00
1274.00
1275.00
1276.00
1277.00
1278.00
1279.00
1280.00
1281.00
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESU11.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Sep 2011
ESU11.D - 5 min CME L=1263.75  −0.25  −0.02% MAX 20 (20) 1264.01
FIGURE PI.5
Uncertainty as a Major Trend Reversal Sets Up
Since markets have inertia and tend to continue what they have been doing, most
attempts at reversing a trend fail. Most reasonable major trend reversal setups have
only a 40 to 50 percent chance of success, except when the setup is especially
strong, where the probability of success can be 60 percent or higher. Since there
was not much buying pressure today (see Figure PI.5), the selling pressure was
strong all the way down to the bar 22 two-bar reversal, and the rally to bar 16 was
not even enough to ﬂip the always-in position to long, the probability that the bar 22
lower low would lead to a successful reversal was about 40 percent. Simply break-
ing above a bull trend line and then forming a lower low is not enough to have a
high probability of success. The bulls tried to form a double bottom higher low at
bar 28, but the setup was weak. Bar 28 had a bear close and, although the next bar
formed a two-bar reversal, it would have forced bulls to buy at the top of a trading
range, which is a low-probability bet (the trading range was both the small one from
bar 26 and the large one from bar 10).
Another problem for the bulls was that the bears had a strong case. Bar 2 was
a huge bull trend bar with huge volume (98,000 Emini contracts), yet the market
could not even get the high of the bar 6 third push up to extend above the bar 5
second push up. The attempt to resume the bull trend on the open failed at yester-
day’s high, and the market reversed down. Once the market broke to the downside

Figure PI.5
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
71
at bar 9, traders were looking for either a bear trending trading range day or a spike
and channel bear trend day. In either case, bar 9 was likely to become a measuring
gap and lead to a measured move down. The move down to bar 10 had many strong
bear trend bars and only three bars with bull bodies, and all three were only one
tick tall. Although there were many tails and overlapping bars during the sell-off,
the entire move down to bar 10 or bar 14 was strong enough for many traders to see
it as a bear spike. This made them think that three pushes down and a spike and
channel bear trend day were possible. They sold below the bar 16 gap bar for the
second push down. Traders bought as the market fell below bar 14, which is a sign
that the bears were not urgently looking to short. Instead of selling at the new low,
the bears bought to take proﬁts. The bulls also bought, thinking that bar 22 could
be the start of a lower low major trend reversal, since the move to bar 16 broke the
bear trend line. The bull bodies and the move above the moving average were also
signs of strength.
During the rally to bar 25, the bulls had a good argument for the major trend
reversal, and wanted a higher low to follow their bar 22 lower low. The bear argu-
ment for a spike and channel bear trend day and a third push down was still intact.
Both the bull and bear cases were valid, which usually means that the market is in
a trading range, which it was. The bulls were hoping that the trading range would
become a base and be followed by an upside breakout, and the bears saw the trad-
ing range as a broad bear channel following the spike on the open down to bar 14.
The bears shorted again below bar 25, since the rally was still below the bar 16
pullback from the ﬁrst push down, and it was a double top with bar 20. Bar 25 went
one tick above bar 20 and ran some stops, but most bears who were swinging their
shorts based on the spike and channel theory would have had their stops above
the bar 16 pullback from the ﬁrst push down. They shorted again below the bar 29
low 2. Bar 29 was also a signal bar for a bear breakout of the triangle where the
bar before bar 24 was the ﬁrst push down and bars 26 and 28 were the next two
pushes down.
The bulls saw bar 28 as a double bottom higher low with bar 26, but were
concerned that it had a bear body. Although the next bar was a bull trend bar and
a two-bar reversal buy setup, it is rarely good to buy at the top of a trading range
(bar 27 was the top of the small trading range). Most bulls would have exited below
the strong bear reversal bar at bar 29. It was a low 2 sell signal and a failed breakout
of the triangle. The bar after bar 31 was a bull doji and followed three bear bars,
and therefore was not a good enough reason for the bulls to buy again. The bull
inside bar that followed bar 32 was a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal setup from the two-bar ﬁnal
ﬂag that followed bar 31, but the micro channel down from bar 29 was so tight that
the probability of success was not high. Although bar 33 was a strong bull breakout
from that micro channel, there was no follow-through, and the bulls sold out of
their longs either below the bar 33 bear inside bar or one tick below the doji bar

72
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure PI.5
that followed. Bulls will sometimes allow one bar to go against them, but most
would not allow two when the original buy signal was weak and the bar 33 bull
breakout did not have any follow-through.
Both the bulls and the bears had swing setups with positive trader’s equations.
The bulls who bought above the bar 22 lower low had about a 40 percent chance
of success, with a risk of about two points and a reward of six to 10 points (a mea-
sured move up from the breakout above the trading range). The bears who shorted
either the bear spike down to bar 14 or below bars 16, 20, or 25 had about a 50 to
60 percent chance of a third push down, with a risk of about a couple of points and
a reward of four to six points, and possibly more if there was a bear breakout and
measured move down, instead of simply another bear stair.
Because the spike down to bar 14 was weak, many traders anticipated a trading
range or a weak bear channel. Instead of swinging up or down, they instead just
scalped for two to four points all day long, as many traders do when they expect
predominantly two-sided trading.
Most traders will not take any reversal trade, no matter how minor, unless there
is at least a double top or bottom, a micro double top or bottom, or a ﬁnal ﬂag. For
example, bars 6, 8, 18, 20, 25, and 29 were double tops or micro double tops, bars 4,
10, 12, 14, 17, 19, 22, 28, and 32 were double bottoms or micro double bottoms, and
bars 3, 6, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 19, 22, 25, and 32 were ﬁnal ﬂag reversals (some from
one bar ﬁnal ﬂags).

C H A P T E R 1
Example of
How to Trade
a Reversal
W
hen traders enter a reversal trade, they are expecting the pullback from
the trend to be large enough for a swing trade, or even a trend in the op-
posite direction. The entry, protective stops, and proﬁt taking are then the
same as for any other swing or trend trade, and were discussed in the ﬁrst two
books. Since traders are expecting a large move, the probability of success is often
50 percent or less. In general, when risk is held constant, a larger potential reward
usually means a smaller probability of success. This is because the edge in trading
is always small, and if there was a high probability of success, traders would neu-
tralize it quickly and it would disappear within a few bars, resulting in only a small
proﬁt. However, since a trend reversal trade may have a reward that is several times
larger than the risk, it can have a proﬁtable trader’s equation.
Trading a reversal is much more difﬁcult than it appears when a trader looks
at a chart at the end of the day. Once there has been a strong break of the trend
line and then a reversal on the test of the trend’s extreme, a trader needs a strong
signal bar. However, it usually comes in a very emotional market at a time when
beginning traders are still thinking that the old trend is in effect. They also prob-
ably lost on several earlier countertrend trades in the day and don’t want to lose
any more money. Their denial causes them to miss the early entry. They then wait
to evaluate the strength of the follow-through. It is usually in the form of a large,
fast spike made of several strong trend bars, forcing the traders to quickly decide
whether to risk much more than they usually do. They often end up choosing to
wait for a pullback. Even if they reduce their position size so that the dollar risk
is the same as with any other trade, the thought of risking two or three times
as many ticks frightens them. Entering on a pullback is difﬁcult because every
73

74
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
pullback begins with a minor reversal, and they are afraid that the pullback might
be the resumption of the prior trend. They end up waiting until the day is almost
over, and then ﬁnally decide that the new trend is clear; but now there is no more
time left to place a trade. Trends do everything that they can to keep traders out,
which is the only way they can keep traders chasing the market all day. When a
setup is easy and clear, the move is usually a small, fast scalp. If the move is going
to go a long way, it has to be unclear and difﬁcult to take, to keep traders on the
sidelines and force them to chase the trend.

Figure 1.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A REVERSAL
75
1
2
4
5
6
8
3
7
9
10 11
12
13
14 15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22 23
24
25
27
26
30
29
28
12/8
90.00
91.00
92.00
12:30
12:00
11:30
11:00
10:30
10:00
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:00
12/7
7:30
12:00
12:30
CAT - 5 min NYSE L=103.55 0.55 5.53% MAX 20 (20) 90.78
TradeStation Chart Analysis - CAT 5 min [NYSE] Caterpillar Inc
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 1.1
Trading a Major Reversal
As shown in Figure 1.1, traders had several ways to trade the reversal in Caterpil-
lar Inc. (CAT) today, and one that I think is worthwhile is an approach used by a
friend. I had a lengthy discussion with this trader several years ago. He specializes
in trading major reversals. He would usually take just one or two trades a day, and
he always wanted to see a strong break beyond the trend line before looking for a
reversal entry. For example, in a bull trend like this one, he would not have shorted
below bar 3 because there was no prior break of a bull trend line. He would also not
have shorted below the bar 7 reversal bar, because there was no prior signiﬁcant
break below a bull trend line. The sell-off below bar 3 lasted only one bar and did
not even reach the moving average.
The three bear bars starting at bar 7 broke below the bull trend line, which was
a sign of selling pressure, but the sell-off was not strong enough to reach the moving
average. He would then have studied the rally that would test the bar 7 trend high. It
was two-legged, which meant that there was some two-sided trading and therefore
the bears showed some strength, and it was the third push up on the day. Since
major reversals often occur in the ﬁrst hour or so, he probably would have shorted
below bar 11, which was a second entry short, but he probably would not have
been expecting a major reversal. Since the day was a spike and channel bull at that
point, the sell-off might have just tested the bar 4 start of the bull channel, where

76
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 1.1
the market might have formed a double bottom and then rallied. Because the bull
channel was a wedge (it had three pushes), it was likely to have two legs sideways
to down. Since my friend is a swing trader, he would have allowed a pullback as
long as he believed that his original premise was still valid. He would therefore
have kept his stop above the signal bar, or maybe above the strong bear bar that
followed bar 11, and allowed the pullback to bar 13, expecting a second leg down.
If he had not yet shorted, he would have shorted below the bar 13 two-bar reversal
and lower high major trend reversal, which was a breakout test of the short below
bar 11.
The two bear bars after bar 11 would have made most traders wonder if the
always-in position had ﬂipped to down, and most would have decided that it was
indeed down by the end of the ﬁve-bar bear spike that ended at bar 14. At this
point, if he decided to hold short, he would have tightened his protective stop to
just above the start of that bear spike that began after bar 13. More likely, he would
have bought back most or all of his short position on the move above bar 16, since
two legs down had taken place (the move to bar 12 was the ﬁrst), bar 16 formed a
double bottom with bars 14 or 15, and it was a third entry for a moving average gap
bar long (its high was below the moving average and it was the ﬁrst pullback after
the strong rally to bar 10). If he bought back his shorts, he would have watched
the rally from bar 16 to assess its strength relative to the sell-off to bar 16. If it was
relatively weak, he would have looked to short again on a test of the bar 10 bull
trend high. The test could have been in the form of a lower high, a double top, or a
higher high.
The rally from bar 16 to bar 19 had three legs, and was therefore a wedge bear
ﬂag. Since it was a rally after a strong break below the bull trend line, it was likely to
become part of a larger correction with at least one more leg down. The probability
was that the market would form either a trading range or a trend reversal. The rally
did not contain two consecutive strong bull trend bars, so the bulls were unable
to regain control of the market. Bar 19 formed a double top with bar 13, and since
this was now a possible bear trend, that was a double top bear ﬂag, as well as a
double top or lower high major trend reversal, when compared to the bar 10 top of
the bull trend. Bar 19 was also a bear reversal bar, which is important when looking
for a market top. This was the strongest trend reversal setup of the day, because
the bear spike down to bar 14 convinced most traders that the always-in position
was short and that the bears owned the market as long as the rally could not get
above the top of the bear spike that began after bar 13. Many traders believed that
as long as the market could not get above bar 13, the bears were still in control and
the market might be forming a lower high in a possible new bear trend. Bears had
their protective stops just above bar 13, because they wanted either a double top
or a lower high, and if they got neither, they would exit and wait for another sell
signal. Many bulls who bought between bars 10 and 13 held their longs through the

Figure 1.1
EXAMPLE OF HOW TO TRADE A REVERSAL
77
sell-off to bar 16, to see how strong the bears were. They decided that the selling
was strong (it broke the trend line and the moving average, and it lasted for many
bars) and that the rally to bar 19 was not strong enough for them to expect the bull
trend to make a new high without at least more of a correction.
These were the most determined bulls (since they were willing to hold through
the protracted sell-off to bar 16), and once they gave up, there was no one left to buy
at these prices. The market had to probe lower to ﬁnd a level where the bulls would
return and where the bears would buy back their shorts. There were no consecutive
strong bull trend bars or other signs of strong buying in the move up from bar 16,
and this made the bears more aggressive and the bulls less willing to buy. Since
the bulls were conﬁdent that the market would soon be lower, they used the rally
to bar 19 to exit their longs around breakeven or with a small loss. The selling by
these disappointed bulls, combined with the selling of the aggressive bears who
were shorting heavily in an attempt to keep the market from going above bar 13,
resulted in the market turning down at bar 19. The bulls were willing to buy again
lower, but needed a sign that the market was about to reverse up. The sideways
move to bar 23 after seven bars down was not a strong bottom, so most bulls were
unwilling to buy unless the price got marked down further. The bears were willing
to take proﬁts at any time, but they would buy back their shorts only if there was
a sign of a reasonable bottom. With no sign of a bottom, neither the bulls nor the
bears were willing to buy. Also, the remaining longs continued to sell out of their
positions, adding to the selling pressure. Bears continued to sell when they saw the
increasing selling pressure in the move down from bar 23. The result was a strong
trend reversal in the form of the bar 19 lower high after the bar 16 break below
the bull trend line. As is the case in all strong trends, traders pressed their shorts,
adding to their positions as the market quickly fell in the spike down to the bar 25
low and down to the bar 28 low, where they began to take proﬁts. All trend bars are
spikes, climaxes, breakouts, and gaps. Bar 25 was a large bear breakout bar and
was likely going to be followed by a measured move down, based on the height of
the trading range. It was possible that bar 25 itself became a measuring gap, with
the middle of the gap being the midpoint between the bar 16 low (the top of the
gap) and the 27 high (the bottom of the gap). This could lead to a measured move
down today or tomorrow.
The rally to bar 19 was a double top bear ﬂag, a wedge bull ﬂag, and two legs
up in a bear trend (the two-legged swing high between bars 15 and 16 was the ﬁrst),
and it had an excellent trader’s equation. The risk was to above the bar 19 high, or
about 10 cents, and the reward at a minimum was 50 cents lower on a test of the
bar 16 low, where the market might have formed a double bottom and possibly a
large triangle or bull ﬂag. Since the market was in a bear trend or at least at the
top of a trading range, the chance of success was at least 60 percent. A 60 percent
chance of success combined with a 10 cent risk and a 50 cent reward makes for a

78
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 1.1
great trade. A trader who took it 10 times would make $3.00 and lose 40 cents, an
average of 26 cents per trade.
Traders believed that if the market fell below bar 16, it would probably fall for
a measured move down from the double top, which it did. The bar 16 area was the
breakout test of the breakout gap, which was the bull spike from bar 1 to bar 3.
After the market rallied from this test, bulls did not want it to fall below the test,
because they would have seen that as a sign of weakness. Just like the bears did not
want the rally to bar 19 to go above the bar 13 lower high, which could have been
followed by a measured move up, the bulls did not want the sell-off from bar 19 to
fall below the bar 16 higher low, which could have been followed by a measured
move down. Since my friend would have seen this move down from bar 19 as a
trend trade, he would have traded it like a trend (book 1 discusses how to trade a
trend). The initial risk was only 10 cents and the odds were good that the market
would have tested the bar 16 low at a minimum, so he would have taken about
half off on the test if there was a pause bar. Since there was no pause, there was
no signiﬁcant proﬁt taking, and he probably would not have taken any proﬁts until
around bar 28. This was a pause after a sell climax bar that followed a potential
ﬁnal ﬂag (the three bars ending at bar 27). He would have taken maybe half off
there with a $1.20 proﬁt and held the remainder until a minute or two before the
close, for another $1.30 proﬁt.
Incidentally, remember that both strong bulls and strong bears like to see a
large bull trend bar in an overdone bull trend, because it often leads to a two-legged
pullback to below the moving average, as it did here at bar 9. The expected correc-
tion provided both of them with a temporary trading opportunity, although not a
trend reversal trade. Bar 9 was the third consecutive buy climax without much of
a pullback (bars 1 to 3 was the ﬁrst, and bars 5 to 6 was the second). It was more
likely to become an exhaustion gap than a measuring gap (it was more likely to be
the start of a correction instead of a new leg up). In this scenario, both the strong
bulls and the strong bears sold at the close of the bar, above its high, at the close
of the next bar or two (especially since the bar after bar 10 had a bear body), and
below the low of the prior bar. The bulls were selling out of their longs as they took
proﬁts, and the bears were selling to put on shorts. Most bears would have picked
a protective stop that was less than the number of ticks in the bar 9 buy climax bull
trend bar. The bulls wouldn’t look to buy again and the bears would not have taken
proﬁts on their shorts until after the two-legged correction was complete, which
was in the bar 14 to bar 16 area (the move to bar 12 was the ﬁrst leg down). The
sell-off was strong enough for both to think that the market could have a trend re-
versal into a bear trend after a lower high or higher high test of the bar 10 bull high.

C H A P T E R 2
Signs of Strength
in a Reversal
S
trong reversals have essentially the same characteristics of any strong move,
like a strong breakout or a strong trend. Here are a number of characteristics
that are common in strong bull reversals:
r There is a strong bull reversal bar with a large bull trend body and small tails
or no tails.
r The next two or three bars also have bull bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar or
so, and it reverses many bars, swing highs, and bear ﬂags of the prior bear trend.
r One or more bars in the spike have a low that is at or just one tick below the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have an open that is above the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike have a close on the high of the bar or just one
tick below its high.
r The overall context makes a reversal likely, like a higher low or lower low test
of the bear low after a strong break above the bear trend line.
r The ﬁrst or second bar of the breakout has a close that is above the highs of
many prior bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars, and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bear reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not hit a breakeven stop (the entry price).
79

80
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
r The spike goes very far and breaks several resistance levels like the moving
average, prior swing highs, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the reversal is forming, it spends most of its time near its high
and the pullbacks are less than a quarter of the height of the growing bar.
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to buy but you want a pull-
back, yet it never comes.
r The signal is the second attempt to reverse within the past few bars (a second
signal).
r The reversal began as a reversal from an overshoot of a trend channel line from
the old trend.
r It is reversing a signiﬁcant swing high or low (e.g., it breaks below a strong
prior swing low and reverses up).
r The high 1 and high 2 pullbacks have strong bull reversal bars for signal bars.
r It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r The pullbacks are small and sideways.
r There were prior breaks of earlier bear trend lines (this isn’t the ﬁrst sign of
bullish strength).
r The pullback to test the bear low lacks momentum, as evidenced by its having
many overlapping bars with many being bull trend bars.
r The pullback that tests the bear low fails at the moving average or the old bear
trend line.
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and highs. For example, when there
is a bear channel and a large bull bar forms, this breakout bar has a high and
close that are above the highs and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bull bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by only its high.
Here are a number of characteristics that are common in strong bear reversals:
r There is a strong bear reversal bar with a large bear trend body and small tails
or no tails.
r The next two or three bars also have bear bodies that are at least the average
size of the recent bull and bear bodies.
r The spike grows to ﬁve to 10 bars without pulling back for more than a bar or
so, and it reverses many bars, swing lows, and bull ﬂags of the prior bull trend.
r One or more bars in the spike has a high that is at or just one tick above the
close of the prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has an open that is below the close of the
prior bar.
r One or more bars in the spike has a close on its low or just one tick above
its low.

SIGNS OF STRENGTH IN A REVERSAL
81
r The overall context makes a reversal likely, like a lower high or higher high test
of the bull high after a strong break below the bull trend line.
r The ﬁrst or second bar of the breakout has a close that is below the lows of
many prior bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback occurs only after three or more bars.
r The ﬁrst pullback lasts only one or two bars and it follows a bar that is not a
strong bull reversal bar.
r The ﬁrst pullback does not hit a breakeven stop (the entry price).
r The spike goes very far and breaks several support levels like the moving aver-
age, prior swing lows, and trend lines, and each by many ticks.
r As the ﬁrst bar of the reversal is forming, it spends most of its time near its low
and the pullbacks are less than a quarter of the height of the growing bar.
r There is a sense of urgency. You feel like you have to sell, but you want a
pullback, yet it never comes.
r The signal is the second attempt to reverse within the past few bars (a second
signal).
r The reversal began as a reversal from an overshoot of a trend channel line from
the old trend.
r It is reversing at a signiﬁcant swing high or low area (e.g., breaks above a strong
prior swing high and reverses down).
r The low 1 and low 2 pullbacks have strong bear reversal bars for signal bars.
r It has trending “anything”: closes, highs, lows, or bodies.
r The pullbacks are small and sideways.
r There were prior breaks of earlier bull trend lines (this isn’t the ﬁrst sign of
bearish strength).
r The pullback to test the bull high lacks momentum, as evidenced by it having
many overlapping bars with many being bear trend bars.
r The pullback that tests the bull high fails at the moving average or the old bull
trend line.
r The breakout reverses many recent closes and lows. For example, when there
is a bull channel and a large bear bar forms, this breakout bar has a low and
close that are below the lows and closes of ﬁve or even 20 or more bars. A large
number of bars reversed by the close of the bear bar is a stronger sign than a
similar number of bars reversed by its low.
Some reversals result in trend reversals and others simply in small coun-
tertrend swings. Carefully analyzing the price action before and after the reversal
helps traders gauge how much if any of their position they should swing and how
big a move to anticipate. When there is a strong trend, traders should not be taking
countertrend trades until there has been a trend line break or at least a climactic

82
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
reversal from a trend channel line overshoot. In a trading range market, however,
traders can trade reversals in both directions.
There are many characteristics of strong reversals, and the more that are
present, the more likely a countertrend trade will be proﬁtable and the more ag-
gressive traders should be in their decision about how much of their position they
should swing. The stronger the prior trend line break in a trend reversal, the more
likely the reversal will gain more points and last longer and have two or more legs.
The strongest trend line breaks have strong momentum and surge well past the
moving average and usually beyond swing points in the prior trend.
The stronger the trend, the more likely it will need a strong reversal for a trader
to make a proﬁt from a countertrend trade. The characteristics of strong trends
were discussed in Chapter 19 of the ﬁrst book and they are listed at the beginning
of this book. For example, if traders are looking to short a very strong bull trend,
they will want to see as many signs of a strong reversal as possible. In contrast, if
the bull trend has been very two-sided, they will be comfortable shorting a weaker
reversal setup. If instead the market is simply rallying to the top of a trading range,
they may not even need a reversal bar when they are shorting. Finally, if the market
is in a wedge bull ﬂag and they are looking for it to reverse back up into the bull
trend, they might even be willing to buy above a bear trend bar.
Incidentally, if the market is a zero-sum game, how can it have 95 percent of
the participants be proﬁtable institutions? This is because it is not really a zero-sum
game. Our economy grows and therefore creates wealth. The total value of the mar-
ket is greater than it was 10 years ago, and far greater than 100 years ago. The ﬁrms
all compete to get as much of that new wealth as possible, and there is enough to
make almost all ﬁrms proﬁtable in most years. In years when the economy con-
tracts, most ﬁrms lose money, but during expansions, they make more than what
they lose during the down years.

C H A P T E R 3
Major Trend Reversal
T
here are many institutions that invest for the long term and view every strong
break below the bull trend line as a buying opportunity, because they know
that the bears will constantly try to reverse the trend but will fail 80 percent of
the time. They will buy even if the bear spike is huge and strong, and goes far below
the trend line and the moving average. They hope that their buying will provide the
leadership that other traders need to see before they will also buy. At a minimum,
they expect the rally to test the breakout point below the market top. Once there,
they will decide if the trend has reversed. If so, they will stop buying and instead
will exit their new longs as well as all of the other longs that they bought all the way
up. Most of their position was proﬁtable because they bought it long ago, far below
their last entry. However, since they are buying as the trend continues up, they
bought some of their position at the top of the bull and will take a loss when they
exit. Once these long-term investing institutions believe that the market is going
lower, the trend will reverse, because they were the traders who previously bought
every sharp sell-off, and now there is no one left to buy strong bear spikes. They
will wait until they believe that the bear trend has reached a long-term value area,
which will always be at a long-term support area, like a monthly trend line. Once
there, they will buy aggressively again, and they will buy every further attempt by
the bears to extend the bear trend. At some point, other institutions will see the
support forming and they will also buy. There will soon be a strong bull spike, a
pullback that tests the bear low, and then a reversal into a new bull trend.
Every reversal pattern is some kind of trading range, and therefore has two-
sided trading until it is clear that the countertrend traders have gained control.
The term major trend reversal means different things to different traders, and no
83

84
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
one can say with certainty that the trend has reversed until the move has gone on
for at least enough bars for the always-in position to change direction in the eyes
of most traders. However, that alone is not enough for a reversal to be labeled
“major.” The always-in position changes with every tradable swing on the 5 minute
chart for many traders, which means that it changes many times a day on most days,
even though the dominant trend usually remains the same. A major trend reversal
means that there are two trends on the chart in front of you, with a reversal in
between them where either a bull trend has reversed into a bear trend or a bear
trend has reversed into a bull trend. This type of reversal is different from the many
up and down reversals on the chart that usually move far enough for a trade, but not
far enough to change the direction of the major trend. Also, those minor reversals
happen whether or not there is an obvious trend on the screen.
The earliest signals for most major trend reversals have a low probability of
success, but offer the largest reward, often many times greater than the risk. The
market is often mostly sideways at the outset, with many pullbacks, but if the trend
is actually reversing, the new trend will soon be obvious. Many traders prefer to
wait to enter until the trend is clear. These traders prefer to only take trades with at
least a 60 percent chance of success and are willing to make less (they are entering
after the move has already begun) on the trade for the increased chance of success.
Since both approaches have positive trader’s equations when done properly, both
are reasonable.
Four things are needed for a major trend reversal:
1. A trend on the chart in front of you.
2. A countertrend move (a reversal) that is strong enough to break the trend line
and usually the moving average.
3. A test of the trend’s extreme, and then a second reversal (a higher high, a dou-
ble top, or a lower high at the top of a bull trend, or a lower low, a double
bottom, or a higher low at the bottom of a bear trend).
4. The second reversal going far enough for there to be a consensus that the trend
has reversed.
First, there has to be a trend on the screen in front of you, and then a coun-
tertrend move that is strong enough to break the major trend’s trend line, and
preferably convincingly beyond the moving average. Next, the trend has to resume
and test the old trend’s extreme, and then the market has to reverse again. For ex-
ample, after there is a strong move down below the bull trend line in a bull trend,
traders will watch the next rally. If the market turns down again in the area of the
old high (from a lower high, double top, or higher high), the test was successful and
traders will begin to suspect that the trend is reversing. Finally, the move down has

MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
85
to be strong enough for traders to believe that the market is in a bear trend. If the
move down is in the form of a strong bear spike composed of many consecutive
large bear trend bars, everyone will see the market as now being in a bear trend.
However, the market will instead often be in a broad bear channel for 50 or more
bars, without enough clarity to convince traders that the trend has truly reversed to
down. They may wonder if it instead has evolved into a large trading range, which
will often be the case. In the absence of a very strong bear spike, there will not be
strong agreement that the trend has reversed until after dozens of bars and a series
of lower highs and lows. At this point, the market can be far below the old bull high
and there might not be much more left to the bear trend.
It does not matter that agreement about the reversal often does not come until
long after the market has actually reversed, because there will be trades all the way
down. If the move down is unclear and two-sided, traders will trade it like any other
two-sided market and take trades in both directions. If it is a very strong bear trend,
traders will almost exclusively take shorts. If there are trades all the way down, then
why should a trader ever think about a major trend reversal? Because the trader’s
equation is excellent if a trader enters early, just as the market is turning down
from its test of the old high. The reward is often many times larger than the risk,
and even if the probability is only 40 to 50 percent, the result is a very favorable
trader’s equation. Most lead to trading ranges, but still proﬁtable trades.
Virtually all major trend reversals begin with either a trend line break or a trend
channel line overshoot and reversal, and all of those eventually break the trend line
when there is a reversal. For example, if a bull market is ending in a head and
shoulders top, the move down from the head usually breaks below the bull trend
line for the entire bull trend, and always below the smaller bull trend line along the
bottom of the bars that rally up to form the head. The bulls buy when the sell-off
from the head reaches the area of the pullback from the left shoulder, trying to
create a double bottom bull ﬂag. Many bears, who shorted as the rally to the head
moved above the left shoulder, take proﬁts in the same area, in case the market
enters a trading range or forms a double bottom bull ﬂag. The bears see the rally
that creates the right shoulder as a lower high breakout pullback short setup, and
short. The trend line break is what a bear needs to see before feeling conﬁdent
about taking a countertrend position (a short in a bull trend), because it signiﬁes a
break of the trend and the start of a possible major trend reversal. Also, bulls who
bought at the prior high (the head), expecting another leg up, and held on to their
positions watch the strength of the sell-off from the head. Once they see that it was
strong enough to fall below the trend line, they will use the rally to exit their longs
with a small loss. The selling by both the bulls and the bears causes the market
to drop and form the lower high (the right shoulder). Once the market sells off
to the neckline (a roughly horizontal line drawn across the bottom of the pattern,
along the lowest points of the sell-offs from the left shoulder, head, and ﬁnally right

86
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
shoulder), both the bulls and the bears will assess the strength of the sell-off. If it
is strong, the bears will no longer simply scalp out of their shorts, thinking that the
market is still in a trading range. Instead, they will hold on to their shorts and even
sell more, expecting a major trend reversal, especially on and after the breakout
below the neckline. The bulls will see the strength of the selling and will not be
willing to buy until the market stabilizes, which they expect will be at least several
bars later, and possibly after a measured move down.
If, in contrast, the sell-off from the head to the neckline is weak, both the bulls
and the bears will buy on the test of the neckline. The bulls will buy because they
see the entire pattern as a trading range in a bull trend and therefore just a large
bull ﬂag. They are buying what they expect is the bottom of the bull ﬂag, where
there is an approximate triple bottom (the three reversals up from the neckline).
Some bulls will scalp out as the market tests toward the middle or top of the
trading range, and others will hold, looking for a bull breakout and a swing up. The
bears will buy back their shorts and not look to sell again until they can get a better
price. They hope that the bounce stays below the right shoulder, and if it does or
if it forms a double top with the right shoulder, they will short again, hoping that
the pattern becomes a head and shoulders top with two right shoulders, which is
common. If the market breaks above the right shoulder, they will buy back their
shorts and not look to sell again for many bars, concluding that the entire pattern
evolved into a large bull ﬂag and that the breakout will likely rally for at least a
measured move up. The bulls will also buy the breakout above the right shoulder,
knowing that the bears will cover their shorts and not look to sell again for many
bars. They, like the bears, will expect an approximate measured move up, and will
buy more as the new bull leg progresses.
The same is true of a double top or a higher high. Whenever the market returns
to the area of a prior high after having a sharp sell-off, the bulls who bought at the
old high become disappointed by that sell-off and use the rally to exit their longs.
This means that they become sellers (they sell out of their longs), and they won’t
buy again until prices get marked down considerably. With no one left to buy at the
current prices and both the bulls and bears selling, the market falls.
The same happens at a market bottom. Once there is a rally that is strong
enough to break above the bear trend line (either the trend line for the entire bear
trend or simply the one above the sell-off to the head), the bears who shorted at the
bottom as the market broke below the left shoulder, expecting another leg down,
will be disappointed by the rally and will expect at least another leg up after a test
down. Traders will see the next leg down as a test of the strength of the bear trend.
If the bear trend is strong, the market will eventually break below the old low (the
head) by many bars and have another leg down. If the trend is reversing, aggressive
bulls will buy around the old low, and the bears who shorted at the old low will be
disappointed by the strong rally from the head and the weaker move down to test

MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
87
the bear low, and will use this dip to buy back their shorts around breakeven. With
both the bulls and the bears buying, and the bears unwilling to sell again around
this level, the market will rally. This test can form a perfect double bottom with
the old bear low, a higher low, or a lower low. It does not matter, because they
are all manifestations of the same process. If it forms a higher low, some traders
will see it as a right shoulder of a head and shoulders bottom, and will look for a
reasonable left shoulder. If they ﬁnd one, they will be more conﬁdent that this is
a trend reversal because they believe that many traders will recognize the pattern
and begin to buy. However, whether there is a clear left shoulder is irrelevant to
most traders. The important point is that there is the strong break above the bear
trend line, followed by a test of the bear low, and then by a reversal up into a bull
swing or trend.
Whether a top comes from a higher high, a perfect double top, or a lower high is
irrelevant, because they all represent the same behavior. The market is testing the
old high to see if there will be mostly buyers and a bull breakout, or mostly sellers
and a bear reversal. There are two pushes up to the top: the ﬁrst is the original bull
high, and the second is the test of that high after the market has fallen below the bull
trend line. The market does not care how perfect the double top is; regardless of
their appearance, all of the tests should be thought of as variations of double tops.
The same is true of market bottoms. There is a market low and then a rally that
is usually strong enough to break above the bear trend line. That low is the ﬁrst
bottom of the double bottom. After the market breaks above the bear trend line
(and therefore out of the bear channel) and sells off again to test the ﬁrst bottom,
when the market reverses up, this low is the second bottom of the double bottom,
whether it is above, exactly at, or below the ﬁrst bottom.
The relationship between traditional double tops and bottoms and their micro
versions on higher time frame charts is the same as it is for all micro patterns. For
example, if a trader sees a double bottom on a 5 minute chart and then looks at
a higher time frame chart, the two bottoms will be just two or three bars apart,
creating a micro double bottom. Similarly, if a trader looks at a micro double bot-
tom on the 5 minute chart where the two bottoms are just two or three bars apart,
this bottom would be a perfect trend reversal on a small-enough time frame chart,
where the rally after the ﬁrst bottom broke above the bear trend line, and the sec-
ond bottom is the test. In fact, most tradable reversals on every chart, even small
scalps, begin with a micro double bottom or top, and most traders will not place
the reversal trade unless one is present. A micro double top is a failed breakout in
a bull trend, and therefore either a failed high 1, high 2, or triangle buy signal, and a
failed double bottom is a failed low 1, low 2, or triangle sell signal. This means that
these reversals are small ﬁnal ﬂag reversals (discussed in Chapter 7). In fact, a ﬁnal
ﬂag is a variation of a double top or bottom. For example, it there is a two-legged
rally on a trading range day and the market then forms an ii pattern, traders will be

88
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
alert to a possible ﬁnal ﬂag breakout and reversal down. The spike that formed just
before the ii pattern is the ﬁrst push up, and the small bull breakout is the second.
Since that is two pushes up, even though the highs are not at the same level, it is
just a variation of a double top.
Traders anticipating a reversal down will short at and above the high of the
signal bar for the breakout of what they anticipate will be the ﬁnal bull ﬂag. When
it is a micro pattern, their limit orders to short will be at and just above the high of
the signal bar. When it is a larger pattern, it will be a micro pattern on a higher time
frame chart, and some traders will have their limit orders at and above that higher
time frame signal bar. Other traders, and probably many institutions, will scale into
shorts as the market moves out of what they believe will be the ﬁnal bull ﬂag. They
do the opposite at market bottoms with a double bottom or micro double bottom
that they expect will become the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear leg and lead to a reversal up.
Remember, all trends are in channels, and until there is a strong breakout of
the channel, the best bet is against any attempt to break out beyond the trend line.
Until there is a strong break beyond the trend line, most traders will view any coun-
tertrend trade as only a scalp. In the absence of a trend line break, there is still a
strong trend in effect and traders should make sure that they take every with-trend
entry and do not worry about missing an occasional countertrend scalp. The best
odds and the most money are with the with-trend trades. True V bottoms and tops
in the absence of trend channel line overshoots and reversals are so rare that they
are not worth considering. Traders should focus on common patterns, and if they
miss an occasional rare event, there will always be a pullback where they can start
trading with the new trend.
The trend line break does not reverse the trend. It is simply the ﬁrst signiﬁcant
sign that countertrend traders are getting strong enough that you should soon begin
to trade in their direction. However, you ﬁrst should continue to trade with the
trend because after the break of the trend line there will be a test of the old trend
extreme. The test can slightly overshoot or undershoot the old extreme. You should
take a countertrend trade only if a reversal setup develops during this test. If it does,
the countertrend move should form at least two legs, and it might even result in a
new, opposite trend.
A move above a prior high in a bull trend will generally lead to one of three
outcomes: more buying, proﬁt taking, or shorting. When the trend is strong, strong
bulls will press their longs by buying the breakout above the old high and there
will be a measured move up of some kind. If the market goes up far enough above
the breakout to enable a trader to make at least a proﬁtable scalp before there is
a pullback, then assume that there was mostly new buying at the high. If it goes
sideways, assume that there was proﬁt taking and that the bulls are looking to buy
again a little lower. If the market reverses down hard, assume that the strong bears

MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
89
dominated at the new high and that the market will likely trade down for at least a
couple of legs and at least 10 bars.
Some traders like to enter on the earliest sign that a trend is reversing, such
as when it is breaking out of the channel. However, this is a low-probability style
of trading. Yes, the large reward can offset the risk and low probability of success,
but most traders end up cherry-picking and invariably talking themselves out of the
best cherries. As with all breakouts, it is usually better to wait to see how strong
the breakout is. If it is strong, then look to enter on the pullback. This concept ap-
plies to reversals from all trends, even small trends, like pullbacks in larger trends,
micro channels, channels after spikes, and trends that are in broad channels. If the
countertrend breakout is weak, look to enter in the direction of the trend as the
reversal attempt fails. If the breakout is very strong and goes for many bars without
a pullback, then treat it like any strong breakout and enter the new trend at the
market or on a small pullback, as was discussed in Part I of the second book.
In the absence of some rare, dramatic news event, traders don’t suddenly
switch from extremely bullish to extremely bearish. There is a gradual transition.
A trader becomes less bullish, then neutral, and then bearish. Once enough traders
make this transition, the market reverses into a deeper correction or into a bear
trend. Every ﬁrm has its own measure of excess, and at some point, enough ﬁrms
decide that the trend has gone too far. They believe that there is little risk of miss-
ing a great move up if they stop buying above the old high, and they will buy only
on pullbacks. If the market hesitates above the old high, the market is becoming
two-sided, and the strong bulls are using the new high to take proﬁts.
Proﬁt taking means that traders are still bullish and are looking to buy a pull-
back. Most new highs are followed by proﬁt taking. Every new high is a potential
top, but most reversal attempts fail and become the beginning of bull ﬂags, only
to be followed by another new high. If a rally to test the high has several small
pullbacks within the leg up, with lots of overlapping bars, several bear bodies, and
big tails on the tops of the bars, and most of the bull trend bars are weak, then the
market is becoming increasingly two-sided. The bulls are taking proﬁts at the tops
of the bars and buying only at the bottoms of the bars, and the bears are beginning
to short at the tops of the bars. Similarly, the bulls are taking proﬁts as the market
approaches the top of the bull trend and the bears are shorting more. If the market
goes above the bull high, it is likely that the proﬁt taking and shorting will be even
stronger, and a trading range or reversal will form.
Most traders do not like to reverse, so if they are anticipating a reversal signal,
they prefer to exit their longs and then wait for that signal. The loss of these bulls
on the ﬁnal leg up in the trend contributes to the weakness of the rally to the ﬁnal
high. If there is a strong reversal down after the market breaks above the prior
high, the strong bears are taking control of the market, at least for the near term.

90
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Once that happens, then the bulls who were hoping to buy a small pullback believe
instead that the market will fall further. They therefore wait to buy until there is a
much larger pullback, and their absence from buying allows the bears to drive the
market down into a deeper correction, lasting 10 or more bars and often having two
or more legs.
There is one situation where the breakout in a bull trend is routinely met by ag-
gressive shorts who will usually take over the market. A pullback is a minor trend
in the opposite direction, and traders expect it to end soon and for the larger trend
to resume. When there is a pullback in a strong bear trend, the market will often
have two legs up in the minor bull trend. As the market goes above the high of the
ﬁrst leg up, it is breaking out above a prior swing high in a minor bull trend. How-
ever, since most traders will see the move up as a pullback that will end very soon,
the dominant traders on the breakout will usually be aggressive sellers, instead of
aggressive new buyers, or proﬁt-taking longs, and the minor bull trend will usually
reverse back down into the direction of the major bear trend after breaking out
above the ﬁrst or second swing high in the pullback.
The same is true of new lows in a bear trend. When the bear trend is strong,
strong bears will press their positions on the breakout to a new low by shorting
more, and the market will continue to fall until it reaches some measured move
target. As the trend weakens, the price action at a new low will be less clear, which
means that the strong bears are using the new low as an area to take proﬁts on their
shorts rather than as an area to add to their shorts. As the bear trend further loses
strength, eventually the strong bulls will see a new low as a great price to initiate
longs and they will be able to create a reversal pattern and then a signiﬁcant rally.
As a trend matures, it usually transitions into a trading range, but the ﬁrst trad-
ing ranges that form are usually followed by a continuation of the trend. How do
the strong bulls and bears act as a trend matures? In a bull trend, when the trend
is strong, the pullbacks are small because the strong bulls want to buy more on a
pullback. Since they suspect that there may not be a pullback until the market is
much higher, they begin to buy in pieces, but relentlessly. They look for any reason
to buy and, with so many big traders in the market, there will be some buying for
every imaginable reason. They place limit orders to buy a few ticks down and other
limit orders to buy a few ticks above the low of the prior bar, at the low of the prior
bar, and below the low of the prior bar. They place stop orders to buy above the
high of the prior bar and on a breakout above any prior swing high. They also buy
on the close of both any bull or bear trend bar. They see the bear trend bar as a
brief opportunity to buy at a better price and the bull trend bar as a sign that the
market is about to move up quickly.
The strong bears are smart, and they see what is going on. Since they believe,
just like the strong bulls, that the market is going to be higher before long, it does
not make sense for them to be shorting. They just step aside and wait until they

MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
91
can sell higher. How much higher? Each institution has its own measure of excess,
but once the market gets to a price level where enough bear ﬁrms believe that it
might not go any higher, they will begin to short. If enough of them short around
the same price level, more and larger bear trend bars form and bars start to get
tails on the tops. These are signs of selling pressure and they tell all traders that the
bulls are becoming weaker and the bears are becoming stronger. The strong bulls
eventually stop buying above the last swing high and instead begin to take proﬁts as
the market goes to a new high. They are still bullish, but are becoming selective and
will buy only on pullbacks. As the two-sided trading increases and the sell-offs have
more bear trend bars and last for more bars, the strong bulls will want to buy only
at the bottom of the developing trading range and will look to take proﬁts at the top.
The strong bears begin to short at new highs and are now willing to scale in higher.
They might take partial proﬁts near the bottom of the developing trading range
if they think that the market might reverse back up and break out to a new high,
but they will keep looking to short new highs. At some point, the market becomes
a 50–50 market and neither the bulls nor the bears are in control; eventually the
bears become dominant, a bear trend begins, and the opposite process unfolds.
A protracted trend will often have an unusually strong breakout, but it can be
an exhaustive climax. For example, in a protracted bull trend, all strong bulls and
bears love to see a large bull trend bar or two, especially if it is exceptionally big,
because they expect it to be a brief, unusually great opportunity. Once the market
is close to where the strong bulls and bears want to sell, like near a measured
move target or a trend channel line, especially if the move is the second or third
consecutive buy climax, they step aside. The absence of selling by the strongest
traders results in a vacuum above the market, which creates one or two relatively
large bull trend bars. This bull spike is just the sign that the strong traders have
been waiting for, and once it is there, they appear as if out of nowhere and begin
their selling. The bulls take proﬁts on their longs and the bears initiate new shorts,
both betting against the breakout. Both sell aggressively at the close of the bar,
above its high, at the close of the next bar (especially if it is a weaker bar), and at
the close of the following bar, especially if the bars are starting to have bear bodies.
They also short below the low of the prior bar. When they see a strong bear trend
bar, they short at its close and below its low. Both the bulls and the bears expect
a larger correction, and the bulls will not consider buying again until at least a 10-
bar, two-legged correction, and even then only if the sell-off looks weak. The bears
expect the same sell-off and will not be eager to take proﬁts too early.
Weak traders see that large bull trend bar in the opposite way. The weak bulls,
who had been sitting on the sidelines, hoping for an easy pullback to buy, see the
market running away from them and want to make sure they catch this next leg up,
especially since the bar is so strong and the day is almost over. The weak bears,
who shorted early and maybe scaled in, were terriﬁed by the rapidity with which

92
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
the bar broke to a new high. They are afraid of relentless follow-through buying,
so they buy back their shorts. These weak traders are trading on emotion and are
competing against computers, which do not have emotion as one of the variables in
their algorithms. Since the computers control the market, the emotions of the weak
traders doom them to big losses on big bull trend bars at the end of an overdone
bull trend. The market is reversing, not successfully breaking out.
Once a strong bull trend begins to have pullbacks that are relatively large, the
pullbacks, which are always small trading ranges, behave more like trading ranges
than bull ﬂags. The direction of the breakout becomes less certain, and traders
begin to think that a downside breakout is about as likely as an upside breakout.
A new high is now a breakout attempt above a trading range, and the odds are
that it will fail. Likewise, once a strong bear trend begins to have relatively large
pullbacks, those pullbacks behave more like trading ranges than like bear ﬂags;
therefore, a new low is an attempt to break below a trading range, and the odds are
that it will fail, and that the trading range will continue.
Every trading range is within either a bull trend or a bear trend. Once the two-
sided trading is strong enough to create the trading range, the trend is no longer
strong, at least while the trading range is in effect. There will always eventually be
a breakout from the range, and if it is to the upside and it is very strong, the market
is in a strong bull trend. If it is to the downside and strong, the market is in a strong
bear trend.
Once the bears are strong enough to push a pullback well below the bull trend
line and the moving average, they are conﬁdent enough that the market will likely
not go much higher and they will aggressively short above the old high. At this
point, the bulls will have decided that they should buy only a deep pullback. A new
mind-set is now dominant at the new high. It is no longer a place to buy because
it no longer represents much strength. Yes, there is proﬁt taking by the bulls, but
most big traders now look at the new high as a great opportunity to initiate shorts.
The market has reached the tipping point, and most traders have stopped looking to
buy small pullbacks and instead are looking to sell rallies. The bears are dominant,
and the strong selling will likely lead to a large correction or even a trend reversal.
After the next strong push down, the bears will look for a lower high to sell again or
to add to their short positions, and the bulls who bought the pullback will become
concerned that the trend might have reversed or at least that there will be a much
larger pullback. Instead of hoping for a new bull high to take proﬁts on their longs,
they will now take proﬁts at a lower high and not look to buy again until after a
larger correction. Bulls know that most reversal attempts fail, and many who rode
the trend up will not exit their longs until after the bears have demonstrated the
ability to push the market down hard. Once these bulls see this impressive selling
pressure, they will then look for a rally to ﬁnally exit their longs. Their supply will

MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
93
limit the rally, and their selling, added to the shorting by aggressive bears and the
proﬁt taking by bulls who saw the sell-off as a buying opportunity, will create a
second leg down.
If the market enters a bear trend, the process will reverse. When the bear trend
is strong, traders will short below prior lows. As the trend weakens, the bears will
take proﬁts at new lows and the market will likely enter a trading range. After a
strong rally above the bull trend line and the moving average, the bears will take
proﬁts at a new low and strong bulls will aggressively buy and try to take control
of the market. The result will be a larger bear rally or possibly a reversal into a
bull trend.
A similar situation occurs when there is a pullback that is large enough to make
traders wonder if the trend has reversed. For example, if there is a deep, sharp
pullback in a bull trend, traders will begin to think the market may have reversed.
They are looking at moves below prior swing lows, but this is in the context of
a pullback in a bull trend instead of as part of a bear trend. They will watch what
happens as the market falls below a prior swing low. Will the market fall far enough
for bears, who entered on a sell stop below that swing low, to make a proﬁt? Did
the new low ﬁnd more sellers than buyers? If it did, that is a sign that the bears are
strong and that the pullback will probably fall further. The trend might even have
reversed to down.
Another possibility on the breakout to a new low is that the market enters a
trading range, which is evidence that the shorts took proﬁts and that there was
unimpressive buying by the bulls. The ﬁnal alternative is that the market reverses
up after the breakout to a new low. This means that there were strong bulls below
that swing low just waiting for the market to test there. This is a sign that the sell-off
is more likely just a big pullback in an ongoing bull trend. The shorts from higher
up took proﬁts on the breakout to the new low because they believed that the trend
was still up. The strong bulls bought aggressively because they believed that the
market would not fall further and that it would rally to test the bull high.
Whenever there is any breakout below a swing low, traders will watch carefully
for evidence that the bulls have returned or that the bears have taken control. They
need to decide what inﬂuence is greatest at the new low, and they use the market’s
behavior to make that decision. If there is a strong breakout, then new selling is
dominant. If the market’s movement is uncertain, then proﬁt taking by the shorts
and weak buying by the bulls is taking place, and the market will likely enter a
trading range. If there is a strong reversal up, then aggressive buying by the longs
is the most important factor.
Strong trend channel line reversals are from greatly overextended trends and
often run far after they reverse through the channel to the opposite side and then
break the trend line. The ﬁrst pullback after the reversal is often shallow because

94
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
the market is emotional and everyone quickly agrees that the trend has reversed.
Because of the conﬁdence, traders will be much more aggressive and will add on
during the smallest pause and not take proﬁts, keeping the pullbacks small.
When there is a strong break of a trend line, there will usually be a second
leg after a pullback. The pullback often retraces and tests the old trend line, but
there are almost always more reliable price action reasons for entering there in
your attempt to catch the second leg of the pullback or new trend. The stronger
the move through the trend line, the more likely it is that there will be a second leg
after a pullback. If the break of the trend line is not even strong enough to reach
the moving average, it is usually not strong enough to reverse the trend, so do not
begin looking for a trend reversal just yet. The trend is still strong and you should
take only with-trend setups, despite the break of the trend line.
Trends end with a reversal, which is a countertrend move that breaks the trend
line, and then a test of the ﬁnal trend extreme. The test may overshoot the old
extreme as in the case of a lower low in a new bull trend or a higher high in a new
bear trend, or it may undershoot it with a higher low in a new bull trend or a lower
high in a new bear trend. Rarely, the test will form a perfect double top or double
bottom to the exact tick. Overshoots are, strictly speaking, the ﬁnal leg of the old
trend, because they form the most extreme price in the trend. An undershoot is the
pullback from the ﬁrst leg in the new trend. Tests themselves are frequently made
of two legs (for example, like a two-legged rally after a bear breakout).
If the overshoot goes too far and is in too tight a channel, you should not be
looking for a reversal. The trend has likely resumed and is not in the process of
reversing. Instead, begin the process over and wait for another trend line break and
then another test of the trend’s extreme before looking for a reversal trade.
The test of the trend extreme is usually in the form of some type of channel,
and the strength of the channel is especially important when the market might be in
the process of reversing. For example, if there is a strong bull trend and then there
is a strong sell-off that breaks well below the bull trend line, traders will study the
next rally carefully. They want to see whether that rally will simply be a test of
the bull high or instead it will break out strongly above the high and be followed
by another strong leg up in the bull trend. One of the most important considera-
tions is the momentum of that test of the bull high. If the rally is in a very tight,
steep channel with no pullbacks and very little overlap between consecutive bars,
and the rally goes far above the bull high before having any pause or pullback, the
momentum is strong and the odds are increased that the bull trend will resume, de-
spite that earlier strong sell-off and breakout below the bull trend line. In contrast,
if the rally has many overlapping bars, several large bear trend bars, two or three
clear pullbacks, maybe a wedge shape, and a slope that is noticeably less than the
slope of the original bull trend and of the sell-off, then the odds are that the test
of the bull high will result in either a lower high or a slightly higher high and then

MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
95
another attempt to sell off. The market might be reversing into a bear trend, but at
a minimum, a trading range is likely.
Markets have inertia and tend to continue to do what they have been doing.
This causes most trend reversals to fail. Also, when one succeeds in reversing the
market, a trading range is more likely to form than a trend in the opposite direction,
since a trading range represents less change. In a trading range, traders from the old
trend are still strong, but are balanced by traders from the opposite trend. This is
more likely than the market quickly changing control from one set of trend traders
to trend traders in the opposite direction. However, even if a trading range forms,
it usually will have large, tradable countertrend swings and it might take dozens of
bars before traders know whether the market has reversed into an opposite trend
or instead has been forming a large ﬂag in an ongoing trend.
Since the countertrend move after a trend line break usually has at least two
legs, if a bull reversal has a higher low for the test of the bear low, it will also be the
start of the second leg. However, if it forms a lower low for the test, that low will
be the start of the ﬁrst leg; after that ﬁrst leg, it is likely that there will be a pullback
and then a second leg. Likewise, in a bear reversal, a lower high is the start of the
second leg, but a higher high test is the start of the ﬁrst leg.
Everything is relative to the chart in front of you and looks different on higher
and smaller time frame charts. If the legs that break off the trend line and test the
trend’s extreme have only two bars on a 5 minute chart, traders will not see this as
a major trend reversal, although those legs might have about 10 bars on a 1 minute
chart and create an excellent major trend reversal setup. Similarly, if a bull trend
that has lasted 60 bars has a pullback and a test where the legs have 20 or more
bars, they might create a major trend reversal setup on the 15 minute chart, but
when the legs have that many bars on the 5 minute chart, traders will not use the
term “major trend reversal.” They will instead look for other patterns. For example,
if the pullback that breaks a bull trend line has 30 bars, traders will see it as a bear
trend (all pullbacks in bull trends are smaller bear trends), and will look for a break
above the bear trend line and then a major trend line up. If the rally also has about
30 bars, they will see it as a new bull trend, and look for a break below its trend line
and a major trend reversal down. They realize that these legs have only 10 bars on
the 15 minute chart and form a major trend reversal on that chart, but that is not
the chart that they are trading, and they will use terms that are appropriate for the
chart in front of them.
An average setup has about a 40 percent chance of leading to a proﬁtable swing,
a 30 percent chance of a small loss, and a 30 percent chance of a small proﬁt. Most
result in trading ranges instead of opposite trends, but there is still a 70 percent
chance of at least a small proﬁt. The best setups have a 60 percent chance of prof-
itable swing trades.

96
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.1
TradeStation Chart Analysis - AAPL 5 min [NASDAQ] Apple Inc
AAPL - 5 min NASDAQ
1
2
4
3
5
7
9
6
8
10
11
193.00
192.00
191.00
190.00
189.00
188.00
187.00
186.00
185.00
184.00
183.00
182.00
181.00
10:00 11:00 12:00
5/12
8:00
9:00
11:00 12:00
5/13
10:00
8:00
9:00
11:00 12:00
5/14
10:00
8:00
9:00
8:00
9:00
11:00 12:00
5/15
10:00
MAX 20 (20) 170.96
L=172.35   -0.91   -0.53%
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 3.1
A Higher High Followed by a Lower High
A major trend reversal is shown in Figure 3.1, and many other examples are men-
tioned on charts throughout the book.
If a trend reverses down at a higher high after the bull trend line break (a major
trend reversal down), there is usually a lower high major trend reversal that will
give traders a second chance to get short. AAPL had both a higher high and a lower
high trend reversal. A major reversal usually follows a strong break of the trend
line, which is evidence that the traders in the opposite direction are getting strong.
The weak bear leg to bar 4 barely broke the trend line, and it did not come close to
falling below the last higher low in the bull trend (bar 2). It could not even hold be-
low the moving average. However, it continued sideways for many bars, indicating
that the bears were strong enough to halt the bull trend for a long time.
Bar 6 was a higher high short setup after this trend line break, but because the
move down to bar 4 was not particularly strong, the sell-off down to bar 9 stalled.
Bar 9 became the bottom of a wedge bull ﬂag or a bull channel and a high 4
buy setup, and it formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 5. This led to a rally
to bar 10. The move up to bar 10 was a low-momentum, low 4 short setup and a
wedge bear ﬂag, with the ﬁrst push up being the lower high just before the bar 9
low. It was also the right shoulder of a head and shoulders top, but most head and
shoulders tops fail and become triangles or wedge bull ﬂags. In this case, however,

Figure 3.1
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
97
it became the ﬁrst lower high after a trend line break and a lower high test of the
bull high.
The bear leg to bar 9 broke well below a longer trend line, the moving average,
and the last higher low of the bull trend (bar 5), and it followed a previous sharp
attempt at a trend reversal (the sell-off to bar 4). Also, it did not come close to
testing the underside of the bull trend line or the bar 8 ﬁrst pullback in the ﬁrst
leg down. All of these were signs of strength of the trend line break and increased
the chances for at least a second leg down or an actual trend reversal. The bulls
who bought around the bar 6 top of the bull trend saw the strength of the bears
in the sell-off to bar 9 and the weakness of the bulls in the rally to bar 10, and
were disappointed by the price action. They used the weak rally to bar 10 as an
opportunity to exit their longs with a small loss, and they were not willing to buy
again until the market traded lower. The bulls wanted to see signs of strength before
buying, but none came, so they sat on the sidelines as the market sold off to bar 11.
Some traders like to see a Fibonacci 61.8 percent retracement on the rally to the
lower high. However, a 61.8 percent retracement is never as precise as the number
leads one to believe, and probably no more likely than a 60, 63, or 67 percent pull-
back, and it has probably lost value now that trading has become so computerized.
For example, if a trader is selling a 50 percent pullback in what he believes is a bear
swing, he might risk to a new high (above bar 6) to get a test of the bar 9 bottom of
the bear spike. His reward equals his risk, and since he sees the rally as a pullback,
his short has at least a 60 percent probability of success. If the market retraced
higher, there is an argument that a 67 percent retracement is more important than
a 61.8 percent retracement. Once a pullback rallies to above 50 percent, the chance
of the bear resuming becomes less, let’s say 50 percent. Once the probability is 50
percent or less, traders will need more of a reward if they are going to short. Since
their stop is above the bar 6 high, they might want a reward that is twice the size of
their risk. This means that they might short a 67 percent retracement, because then
a test of the bar 9 low would create a reward that is twice as large as their risk.

98
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.2
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESM08.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Jun 2008
ESM08.D - 5 min CME
4
6
5
8
9
10
7
2
1
3
1,410.00
1,408.00
1,406.00
1,404.00
1,402.00
1,400.00
1,398.00
1,396.00
1,394.00
1,392.00
1,390.00
1,388.00
11:00
11:30
12:00
13:00
5/8
12:30
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
12:00
11:30
11:00
MAX 20 (20) 1366.01
L=1359.25  -46.00   -3.27%
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 3.2
A Lower Low Followed by a Higher Low
The Emini had a lower low and then a higher low major trend reversal (see Fig-
ure 3.2). The rally to bar 1 broke a bear trend line, and the bar 3 test of the bear
low was a lower low. A lower low test usually results in at least two countertrend
legs, and that is what happened here (the up moves from bars 3 and 9). Bar 9 was
a higher low after the break of yesterday’s major bear trend line (broken by the
rally to bar 1), and as a higher low, it was the start of the second leg, and the com-
pleted second leg can be the end of the move up. A trading range is a more common
outcome than a reversal into an opposite trend.
The channel down to bar 7 (from both bar 5 and bar 6) was strong. Many traders
preferred to wait to see how strong the breakout was before buying. The two bull
bars after bar 7 had relatively big bodies and small tails, and represented a strong
breakout in the eyes of many traders. At that point, many traders thought that the
market had become always-in long and waited to buy a pullback. The bear bar after
bar 8 was an attempt to make the breakout of the high 2 bull ﬂag down to bar 7 fail
(the ﬁrst leg down ended three bars after bar 5). The bears wanted the bar 6 and
bar 8 double top to lead to a swing down. The bulls expected the bears to fail and
for traders to come in and buy the test of the bar 7 low, creating a higher low after
the strong bull spike up to bar 5 (bar 4 and the bar after bar 3 were strong enough

Figure 3.2
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
99
to make traders think that at least a second leg up was likely). Bar 9 was a lower
low breakout pullback buy setup (and a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 7), and
the bulls bought it aggressively.
The bull trend bar after bar 9 reversed the highs and closes of many prior bars,
which is a sign of a strong bull reversal. It closed above the close of every bar since
bar 6 and its high was above the high of every bar since the bar after bar 6. The
more highs and closes that a strong bull bar reverses, the stronger the bull reversal
and the more likely that there will be follow-through buying (higher prices).
The earliest entries in major trend reversals often do not look strong, like at
bars 3 and 9. This means that the probability of success is often less than 50 percent.
However, the potential reward is at its greatest and the result usually is a positive
trader’s equation. Traders can wait for a clear always-in long reversal before buying,
and this usually increases the probability to 60 percent or higher. At that point,
there is less proﬁt remaining and the risk is usually larger (the protective stop is
further away), but the trader’s equation is usually still positive. For example, the
bulls could have waited to buy above the bull trend bar that followed bar 3 for a
swing, or on the close of bar 4 for a scalp. They also could have bought on the close
of the bull trend bar after bar 9 or on the close of the bull trend bar that followed it.
This is a good example of an average major trend reversal attempt, where the
setups and context are acceptable but not strong, and the reversals up led to a
trading range and not a bull trend, as is the case about 70 percent of the time. The
bar 3 lower low led to a test of the bar 1 high, which was a likely top of an evolving
trading range. Some traders took full or partial proﬁts there, while others held,
expecting a second leg up, and exited on the failed breakout of the trading range at
bar 10 (as the bear bar turned down, or below its low). The bar 3 lower low resulted
in a scalper’s proﬁt for traders who exited as bar 5 turned down, and a swing proﬁt
(a reward that was at least twice as large as the risk) for traders who exited in the
reversal down after bar 10. The traders who bought the bar 7 two-legged higher low
either had a small loss if they held until their protective stop was hit, or they got
out around breakeven if they moved their stop to breakeven after a four-bar rally
above the moving average. The traders who bought the bar 9 double bottom higher
low (higher than bar 3), which was also a lower low for the reversal up from the
small bear trend (bull ﬂag) from bar 5 to bar 7, were able to exit some or all with a
reward that was at least twice as large as their risk (a swing proﬁt).
In an average setup like this, the chance of a proﬁtable swing is about 40 per-
cent, and there is about a 30 percent chance of a small proﬁt, and a 30 percent
chance of the protective stop being hit (a small loss). The result is still a proﬁtable
strategy. In the strongest setups, the chance of a proﬁtable swing is 60 percent or
greater, and maybe only a 30 to 40 percent chance of the protective stop being hit
and leading to a small loss. Because the trader’s equation is so strong, this is an
excellent setup for all traders, including beginners.

100
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.3
TradeStation Chart Analysis - AAPL Daily [NASDAQ] Apple Inc
AAPL - Daily NASDAQ
4
A
B
3
5
6
7
C
8
910
11
12
14
13
D
E
19
21
23
16
15
1718
20
24
22
25
27
26
28
29
30
31
32
2
1
290
280
270
260
250
240
230
220
210
200
190
180
170
160
150
140
130
120
Oct
‘10
Apr
Jul
L=255.98   3.81   1.51%
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 3.3
A Trend Line Break Alone Does Not Make a Reversal
Just because there is a break of a bull trend line and then the market moves to
a higher high, it is not always prudent to look for shorts. If there is a trend line
break, but the move to a higher high goes ﬁve or more bars above the old bull high,
traders usually should begin the process from the beginning and wait for another
break below a bull trend line and another test of the bull trend high before going
short. The daily chart of AAPL shown in Figure 3.3 had a break of the bull trend
line (the solid line C) on the move down to bar 11. The market then rallied to a new
high at bar 13. However, the move to bar 13 was in a very steep bull channel (the
dotted D bull trend line is the bottom of the channel) and therefore traders should
have waited before shorting. It is always better not to short the ﬁrst breakout of a
steep bull channel. Wait to see if there is a pullback to a higher high or lower high.
The market corrected sideways and formed a double bottom bull ﬂag (a high 2) at
bar 14, and there never was a breakout pullback to set up the short. The move to
bar 13 was a successful breakout that led to a resumption of the bull trend, and not
a failed breakout that led to a reversal process.
The market had been in a bull trading range from bar 3 to bar 11, and the move
from bar 12 to bar 13 was a strong spike up that broke above the large bull ﬂag.
When the move to the higher high is so steep with so little overlap, the odds favor
a successful breakout and about a measured move up instead of a reversal. Once

Figure 3.3
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
101
this happens, the process of looking for a reversal begins again. Wait for a trend line
break, like the move down to bar 19, and then for a higher high, double top, or lower
high test of the bull high. Although there were several tradable swings after bar 19,
bar 19 was a climax reversal up (a spike down and then a spike up), and this is
usually followed by a trading range. During the trading range, the bears who created
the spike down to the bar 19 low were continuing to short and trying to generate
a bear channel, and the bulls who bought the bar 19 low were continuing to buy
in an attempt to create follow-through to the upside in the form of a bull channel.
Incidentally, the bulls saw bar 19 as simply a large breakout test of the breakout
above bars 8 and 9. Since bar 19 fell below the bar 9 breakout point, the breakout
gap was negative, but because the market rallied quickly up, it nonetheless was a
type of breakout gap.
The move down to bar 5 broke the dotted trend line A, and bar 6 was a reason-
able double top short setup.
The move down to bar 7 broke the dashed trend line B. The move up to bar 8
was in a steep channel, so it was better to wait for a breakout below the channel
and then wait to see if there was a breakout pullback to short.
Bar 9 was a two-legged move up to a double top and an acceptable short.
Bar 10 was a double top bear ﬂag and another short setup.
Bar 19 was obviously caused by some news event (it was the 2010 Flash Crash),
but that is not important. What is always more important is who controls the market
during and after the bar. It was in part a breakout test of the middle of the trading
range between bars 4 and 12 (a test of the bottom of the channel from bar 11 to 17).
Many traders expect a breakout to be tested, and once the market begins to move
quickly in that direction, as it did as bar 19 was forming, the strongest bulls began
to believe that the market might fall all of the way back to the bottom of that trading
range. So, what should they do once they believe that the market is going lower?
It does not make sense for them to keep buying when they can soon buy lower.
This absence of buying results in the market getting sucked down quickly in a sell
vacuum to the level where the bulls believe that it will ﬁnd support. Even though
they thought that there was value as the market was falling (you know this because
the market quickly reversed up above most of the entire bar), they believed that it
had further to go and waited until it reached support. Since they saw the market
as offering tremendous value that they thought would be very brief, they appeared
out of nowhere and bought aggressively. The bears saw the same thing and quickly
took proﬁts, buying back their shorts. There was no one left to sell and the market
rallied strongly. Momentum programs accelerated the fall and the rally back up,
because they detect strong momentum and trade relentlessly in its direction until
the momentum slows, and then they exit with their proﬁts. Spikes like this are
common in trends. However, the test of the bottom of a channel usually leads to a
trading range as it did here. Big up + big down = big confusion = trading range.

102
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.4
Created with TradeStation
TradeStation Chart Analysis - GS15 in [NYSE] Goldman Sachs Group
GS - 15 min NYSE
MAX 20 (20)    146.41
3
4
5
6
A
7
9
8
10 11
12
13
14
15
17
B
C
20
19
21
22
23
18
16
150
149
148
147
146
145
144
143
142
141
140
139
138
137
136
135
8/20
8/23
8/24
8/25
8/26
8/27
8/30
8/31
Sep
L=147.36   7.58   5.42%
FIGURE 3.4
If a Test Is Too Strong, Wait
If the test of the low has too much momentum, another leg down is more likely
than a reversal up. In Figure 3.4, GS broke above the bear trend line A, but the sell-
off from bar 11 to test the bar 8 bear low was in a steep bull channel. Rather than
buying above bar 13 or bar 14 and looking for a failed breakout and a trend reversal,
traders had to consider that GS might be successfully breaking out to the downside.
The move down to bar 13 and then to bar 14 was in a steep bear channel, instead
of a low-momentum sell-off with pullbacks along the way. When that happens, it
is better to wait for a breakout above that bear channel and then see if a breakout
pullback forms. If one does, it is a buy setup for a higher low or lower low trend
reversal up.
Once the market fell below the bar 14 wedge (bars 12 and 13 were the ﬁrst
two pushes down in this bear channel that followed the spike down to bar 12), it
spiked down to bar 15 in about a measured move (using the height of the bars 12
to 14 wedge).
The trading range to bar 18 broke the steep trend line B, but again the market
broke to the downside in a steep bear channel instead of a low-momentum test of
the bar 17 bear low.
The rally to bar 20 broke bear trend line C and there was a higher low buy setup
at bar 21. The move down to 21 had three small legs and many overlapping bars,
indicating two-sided trading. This was a lower-momentum move and more likely an
attempt at a higher low major trend reversal than a breakout to another bear leg.

Figure 3.5
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
103
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESM08.D 3 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Jun 2008
ESM08.D - 3 min CME
MAX 20 (20) 1401.17
1
2
3 4
5
1,418.00
1,416.00
1,414.00
1,412.00
1,410.00
1,408.00
1,406.00
1,404.00
1,402.00
1,400.00
1,398.00
1,396.00
1,394.00
1,392.00
1,390.00
1,388.00
1,386.00
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
13:00
5/22
12:30
L=1400.75   3.00   0.21%
Created with TradeStation
1,400.75
FIGURE 3.5
Don’t Look for Reversals on Smaller Time Frame Charts
When there is a strong trend, there will be many reversal attempts on the 3 minute
chart (see Figure 3.5) and far more on the 1 minute chart. Until there is a clear
reversal on the 5 minute chart, if you choose to look at the 1 or 3 minute charts, you
should treat each reversal attempt as a with-trend setup, here, a bear ﬂag. Each of
the ﬁve attempts on this 3 minute chart to reverse attracted eager bulls who thought
they were risking little and might be gaining a lot if they were catching the bottom
of a climactic V bottom reversal, a very rare event. Rather than joining them, think
about where they will have to sell out of their longs, and place an entry sell stop at
that very location. You will consistently succeed in transferring money from their
accounts into yours, which is the primary objective of trading. For example, as soon
as the bulls went long at the bull reversal bar before bar 1 (there was not a prior
trend line break in this steep sell-off, so no longs should have been considered),
smart traders would have placed orders to go short on a stop at one tick below the
signal bar. As with all bear channels, you can also short on a limit order at the high

104
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.5
of the prior bar. If you don’t get ﬁlled on the limit order, make sure to short on a
stop below the low of every pullback bar.
The short at bar 4 was below the long entry bar, since the bulls would have
tightened their stops once the entry bar closed. The bull entry bar was the bear
signal bar. Since this is a trend, they would swing a large part of their positions.
Bar 5 was an ii pattern, which is often a reversal pattern (but it needs an ear-
lier trend line break), and it is commonly the ﬁnal ﬂag before a two-legged coun-
tertrend move, as was the case here. It represents balance between the bulls and
the bears, and a breakout is a move outside of the balance. There is often a strong
force pulling it back to the pattern, and usually through the other side. Since there
was no prior trend line break, the only breakout that was a valid entry was a bear
breakout. However, an ii pattern is just wide enough to break a small trend line, so
any reversal up within a few bars afterward is a valid long.
Some aggressive traders turn to smaller time frame charts for setups that will
allow them to enter in the direction of the trend. For example, if a trader was trading
the Emini and saw the sharp sell-off on his 5 minute chart and was looking for a
reason to short, he could have looked at the 3 minute chart above. Once he saw ﬁve
or more consecutive bear bars, he could then place a limit order to short at the high
of the prior bar, expecting the ﬁrst reversal attempt after a strong bear spike to fail.
He would have gone short on bar 1 as it moved above the high of the prior bar.

Figure 3.6
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
105
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESM08.D 1 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Jun 2008
ESM08.D - 1 min CME
MAX 20 (20) 1400.35
1
2
3
4
5
A
B
C
D
E
1,413.00
1,411.00
1,409.00
1,407.00
1,405.00
1,403.00
1,401.00
1,399.00
1,397.00
1,395.00
1,393.00
1,391.00
1,389.00
10:30
10:40
10:50
11:00
11:10
11:20
11:30
11:50
11:40
L=1400.75   3.00   0.21%
Created with TradeStation
1,400.75
FIGURE 3.6
Smaller Time Frames Are for With-Trend Trading Only
Figure 3.6 is the 1 minute chart of the same bear move shown in Figure 3.5, and
the numbered bars are the same as on the prior chart. Bars C, D, and E were valid
countertrend setups that followed two legs down and small trend line breaks; each
was a tradable long scalp. Although these were possible to trade, it is usually too
difﬁcult to read a second chart and place orders this quickly, and you would likely
make more money if you just traded the 5 minute trend. It looks very easy on a chart
printed at the end of the day, but is much more difﬁcult in real time. If you were
to sell based on the 1 minute chart, all ﬁve of the numbered bars provided with-
trend (on both the 1 and 5 minute trend) short entries that would have allowed for
swinging part of the position.
Bar 1 was a small spike top, but since it formed in a bear trend, there was no
need for it to be tested. This is unlike the spike bottoms at C and D. Spike bottoms
in a bear trend usually get tested, as they did here.

106
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.6
The two-legged sideways move to bar 4 broke the bear trend line that could be
drawn across the highs of bars 1 and 2. Why should traders not yet be looking to
buy a test of the bar C low? Because the trend line break has to be during a strong
move up. The move to bar 4 was so weak that it never even reached the moving
average. If it had, it would have set up a 20 gap bar short. The bear trend was too
strong for traders to be looking for longs. They should only have been shorting.

Figure 3.7
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
107
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESM08.D 1 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Jun 2008
ESM08.D - 1 min CME
MAX 20 (20) 1400.35
1
2
3 4
5
6
1,362.00
1,361.00
1,360.00
1,359.00
1,358.00
1,357.00
1,356.00
1,355.00
1,354.00
1,353.00
1,352.00
1,351.00
1,350.00
1,349.00
1,348.00
1,347.00
1,346.00
1,345.00
1,344.00
1,343.00
1,342.00
1,341.00
7:00
7:10
7:20
7:30
7:40
7:50
8:00
8:10
8:20
8:30
8:40
8:50
9:00
9:10
9:20
L=1400.75   3.00   0.21%
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 3.7
Smaller Time Frame Reversals Are Losers
A 1 minute chart allows for smaller stops, but the reduced risk alone does not
make a trade worth taking. Remember the trader’s equation. The chance of suc-
cess also drops, and in fact this more than offsets the reduced risk; the result is a
losing strategy.
Figure 3.7 is a 1 minute chart of a strong bull trend on a 5 minute chart (not
shown). Trading shorts proﬁtably is difﬁcult (none of the six shorts yielded a four-
tick proﬁt). It is far more proﬁtable and less stressful to simply look for with-trend
entries on the 5 minute chart and never look at the 1 minute chart. The only valid
reason to look at 1 minute short signals is to ﬁnd long (with-trend) entries. Once a
short triggers, look for where the protective stops are and place buy orders there,
since the trapped shorts will push the market to your long proﬁt target as they buy
back their losers.

108
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 3.8
1276.00
1275.00
1274.00
1273.00
1272.00
1271.00
1270.00
1269.00
1268.00
1267.00
1266.00
1265.00
1264.00
1263.00
1262.00
1261.00
1260.00
6/17
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
13:00
6/20
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESU11.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Sep 2011
ESU11.D - 5 min CME
1
2
3
5
4
7
6
8
9
12
1011
13
14
16
15
17
18
19
19
19
20
23
24
22
21
21
21
25
26
27
MAX 20 (20) 1266.26
L=1273.25   -0.50   -0.04%
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 3.8
Micro Double Bottoms and Tops
Most tradable reversals begin with at least a micro double bottom or top, a tradi-
tional double bottom or top, or a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, which can be considered a type
of double bottom or top. As shown in Figure 3.8, traders who anticipated a reversal
down placed limit orders at and above the signal bar of what they thought would
become the ﬁnal bull ﬂag of the leg, whether the setup was a high 1, high 2, or tri-
angle. When they expected a reversal up from a down leg, they placed limit orders
at and below the signal bar of what they believed was likely to be the ﬁnal ﬂag
(a low 1, low 2, or triangle) of the bear leg. Examples of micro double bottoms
were bars 1 and 2, 5 and 6, 16 and 17 (15 and 16, but the entry never triggered), and
19 and 20. Micro double tops were at 3 and 4, 10 and 11, and 13 and 14. Bar 8 was a
reversal from the bar 7 one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag, a double top with bar 4, a lower high in a
bear channel, and a low 2 in a trading range (bar 6 was the low 1).
The bar 17 low formed a small wedge around a measured move down from the
upper trading range on what, at that point, was likely to be a trending trading range
day. It was also a two-legged lower low from the breakout below the ii ﬁnal ﬂag that
followed bar 15, and a double top with bar 23.
Intraday reversals often come from larger patterns, and not just micro double
bottoms and tops. Bar 22 was a two-legged rally that tested the apex of the triangle
(the upper trading range on this trending trading range day was the triangle that

Figure 3.8
MAJOR TREND REVERSAL
109
broke out four bars after bar 14). Bar 25 was a sell climax and lower low breakout
pullback from the two-legged breakout to bar 22 above the bull ﬂag that ended at
bar 17 (the entire move from the open down to bar 17 was a pullback after a big
gap up and a huge rally yesterday and was therefore just a large bull ﬂag).
The sell-off to bar 9 was a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 6. Bar 27 was a
double top with bar 24 and the second leg up from the bar 25 low. Bar 27 was the
ﬁrst bar of a micro double top, because the bar after it had a big tail on its bottom,
indicating that the market went down, and then up. The top of that doji inside bar
formed a micro double top with the high of bar 27, and aggressive bears shorted
below its low, which was the entry for the breakout below the micro double top.
As dramatic as the bar 25 sell climax was, it was just a micro double bottom
on a higher time frame chart (it was a three-bar-long micro double bottom on the
60 minute chart). Institutions anticipated the bottom and scaled into longs as bar 25
was forming, especially as it broke out below the bar 17 low. They expected the
breakout to fail and therefore offer a brief opportunity to buy at a very good price.
Since they control the direction of the market, if enough of them expect the bottom,
their buying will make it happen. The two-legged rally to bar 22 broke above the
bear trend line, and the sell climax to bar 25 was a lower low that became the
bottom of a major trend reversal up. The rally lasted two more days.
Just because a market forms a double bottom or top does not mean that a re-
versal trade should be taken. The decision has to be based on context. For example,
the double top at bar 27 followed six bars up and a strong sell climax, so the market
could easily have gone sideways.
There were several examples of small ﬁnal ﬂag reversals that followed low and
high 1 setups, resulting in micro double tops and bottoms. The bulls saw the doji bar
after bar 1 as a weak low 1 breakout pullback sell signal. They bought at and below
its low, expecting a bull opening reversal and low of the day. The doji became the
ﬁnal bear ﬂag in the leg down, and bar 2 formed a double bottom with the bar 1 low.
The bear inside bar after bar 3 was a high 1 buy signal, but many traders thought
that if the market could hold below the top of the strong two-bar bear spike at the
open, it could form a double top and then have a downside breakout. Bears shorted
at the high of the bear inside bar, expecting it to become a failed high 1, which
would also be a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag and a double top.
The bear inside bar after bar 5 was a breakout pullback sell signal bar. Bulls
thought that the test of the moving average would hold and that the inside bar
would become a one-bar ﬁnal bear ﬂag and lead to a double bottom reversal up
from the moving average. They bought at the low of the bear signal bar.


C H A P T E R 4
Climactic Reversals:
A Spike Followed by
a Spike in the
Opposite Direction
T
he market is always trying to break out, and then the market tries to make
every breakout fail. This is the most fundamental aspect of all trading and is at
the heart of everything that we do. Every trend bar is a breakout, which might
have follow-through and succeed, or fail and lead to a reversal. Even a climactic
reversal like a V bottom is simply a breakout and then a failed breakout. The better
traders become at assessing whether a breakout will succeed or fail, the better
positioned they are to make a living as a trader. Will the breakout succeed? If yes,
then look to trade in that direction. If no (and it becomes a failed breakout, which
is a reversal), then look to trade in the opposite direction. All trading comes down
to this decision.
Many people restrict the deﬁnition of a climax to a sharp move at the end of
a trend that is followed by a sharp move in the opposite direction, resulting in a
trend reversal. A broader deﬁnition is more useful to traders: any type of unsus-
tainable behavior should be considered to be a type of climax, whether or not a
reversal follows. Just how small can a climax be? As mentioned in Chapter 2 of
book 1, every trend bar is a climax, although most do not result in climactic re-
versals. Any trend bar or series of trend bars where the bar or bars have relatively
large ranges are climaxes, even though most traders would not think of them this
way. A climax ends as soon as there is any interruption of the strong trending be-
havior, such as the formation of a pause bar or a reversal bar. Even a single large
trend bar can be a climax. Most climaxes are usually followed by a trading range
that lasts one or more bars, instead of by a spike in the opposite direction, and the
trend often resumes instead of reverses. A climactic reversal is a climax that is soon
followed by a sharp move in the opposite direction, and all are failed breakouts of
111

112
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
something. For example, if there is a trading range in a bull market and it has a bear
leg down from the top, this leg down is a bear channel and therefore a bull ﬂag. If
the market has one or more bull trend bars breaking above the channel, it is a break-
out of the bull ﬂag. If the market then reverses down, even if the reversal is from
a lower high (the buy climax did not break above the trading range), this is still
a climactic reversal. When a market is moving climactically, fundamental traders
often refer to the market as being a crowded trade, meaning that they believe that
too many people already have a position, so there might not be many traders left to
keep pushing the market further in the trend. For example, if the market is moving
up parabolically, the fundamental analysts will often say that it is a crowded trade
and that they would only look to buy a pullback. Most would not advocate going
short, even though they believe that a signiﬁcant pullback is imminent. Other ex-
amples of buy climaxes include the 2006 housing bubble, the tech wreck of 2000,
and the tulip mania of 1637. They were all examples of the greater fool theory of
investing—buy high with the expectation that someone dumber than you will buy
from you even higher, allowing you to exit with a proﬁt. Once there are no fools left,
the market can go in only one direction, and it often goes there quickly. China and
Brazil might be developing bubbles, because they appear to be growing at an un-
sustainable pace. Momentum traders might be responsible for much of the growth
at this point, meaning that its pace is not sufﬁciently based on fundamentals. Once
proﬁt takers come in, the reversal could be fast and deep. Investors could panic
as they attempt to exit with at least minimal proﬁts, and the hope of averting a big
loss, as is the case with any climax.
Sometimes when the market is in a strong trend, a bar forms that has an excep-
tionally large range and body, and it may open near one extreme and close near the
other. This can be either a climax or a breakout. For example, suppose the market
is selling off and then a bear trend bar forms that opens near its high and closes
near its low, and the body and range are the largest of the down move, maybe twice
the size of many of the bear trend bars. This bar might represent the last desperate
longs who are so eager to get out that they are selling at the market instead of wait-
ing for a pullback. They are ﬁnally giving up and want out at any price. Once the last
long has exited, there is no one left to short. The institutions are not shorting here
because they already shorted much higher. In fact, they are taking proﬁts on their
shorts at the bottom of the bar and many are likely going long there. The market
can then reverse up sharply within the next couple of bars once traders sense that
there is no signiﬁcant follow-through selling. However, if that large bear trend bar
is a breakout of one or more areas of support, it might generate a measured move
down before attempting to reverse again.
An important component of a climax is a vacuum effect created by the absence
of traders in the opposite direction. For example, if the market is accelerating to
the upside toward the top of a bull channel, there will be institutional bears who

CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
113
believe that the market will soon reverse, but that the market will likely ﬁrst break
out above the trend channel line. Why would they choose to short as the market
is racing toward the line when they believe that it will soon be above the line? It
makes no sense for them to go short when they think that the market will soon
be higher and they could short at an even better price. So what do they do? They
wait. The same is true for the strong bulls. They are looking to take partial or full
proﬁts, but if they believe that the market will soon be a little higher, they will not
sell until the market reaches a resistance area that they think the market will likely
not exceed, at least for the time being. This means that there are some very strong
bears who are not shorting, and some very strong bulls who are not selling out of
their longs, and the absence of selling creates a vacuum that sucks the market up
higher to a level where the bears feel there is value in shorting and the bulls feel
there is value in taking proﬁts. The programs that detect the momentum early on in
a bar see this and quickly buy repeatedly until the momentum slows. Because these
buy programs will buy up to the ﬁnal tick and are relatively unopposed, the market
races up in a strong bull spike that can last several bars. But what happens once
the market reaches a level where the bears feel that there is value and the bulls feel
that the market is unlikely to go much higher before a pullback, like several ticks
above that trend channel line? These huge institutional bears will begin to short
heavily and relentlessly, and the strong bulls will sell out of their longs, because
they feel that this price level is a great value. The buy programs will see the loss of
momentum and sell out of their longs. Since it is such a great value for shorting and
proﬁt taking, it cannot last long, so bulls and bears sell very aggressively on this
brief opportunity. Since both the strong bulls and the bears expect lower prices,
that’s what will follow. With all of the major traders selling and no longer buying
the market reverses down, at least for about 10 bars and a couple of legs. At that
point, they will decide whether the pullback has ended and the bulls should buy
back their longs and the bears should scalp out of their shorts, or they believe that
the sell-off has further to go.
The weak traders do the opposite as the market is racing up: the weak bulls
who were sitting on the sidelines ﬁnally buy, and the weak bears cover their shorts,
both unrealistically afraid of another big leg up. Experienced traders can do exactly
what the institutions are doing. For example, they can short the close of that strong
bull trend bar, above its high, or at the close of the next bar or two. If they do, they
should use a stop that is about as many ticks as the bull trend bar is tall. If they wait
for a bear reversal bar and short on a stop below its low, they can risk to above the
signal bar’s high. Alternatively, they could use a wider protective stop to allow for
one more minor high, but if they do, they need to reduce the size of their position.
The strong bulls keep buying during the bull spike because they, too, believe
that the market will go higher. However, at some point, they know that the market
will have gone too far, too fast, and that there will be just a brief window where

114
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
they can sell out of their longs with a windfall proﬁt. If they wait too long, the
pullback might become a reversal and they will lose out on the opportunity to exit
at a very high price. They then seize this brief moment to sell out of their longs.
Their aggressive proﬁt taking combined with the aggressive selling by institutional
shorts makes the market fall very quickly for a bar or two or even longer, and this
creates a climactic reversal. The bulls will try to buy back lower, hoping that the
reversal will fail, but if they are not able to push the market back up, they will sell
out of their longs once again. The bears who sold higher are continuing to sell down
here, and both they and the bulls are ﬁghting in a trading range over the direction
of the channel that will follow. If the bears win, there will usually be a spike and
channel bear trend with the spike being the sharp move down from the climactic
top. If the bulls win, there will usually be a spike and channel bull trend with the
spike being the sharp move up to the top of the buy climax.
Spikes are tests of the strength of both the trend and countertrend traders.
A bull trend is made of a series of higher highs and lows, both of which can be
created by spikes. If the market has a spike up in a bull trend and then a selloff
in the form of a spike down, the probability is that the market will test and exceed
the top of the bull spike, but not come back and test the bottom of the bear spike.
The bull spike will be just another leg up in the bull trend and the spike down will
usually just evolve into a bull ﬂag and a higher low, and will likely not get tested
once the bull trend resumes. The same is true for a bear trend, which is made up of
lower highs and lows. The most recent new low, whether or not it is in the form of
a spike, will likely get tested and exceeded after any pullback. Any rally, whether
it is in the form of a strong bull spike or a quiet move up, will likely evolve into
a bear ﬂag and just another lower high, and will usually not get tested. There is a
widely held, but incorrect, belief that the strongest rallies occur during bear trends
and the strongest selloffs occur during bull trends. While this is not true, it is im-
portant to realize that countertrend spikes can be exceptionally strong and make
many traders believe that the trend has reversed. All spikes, up and down, in bull
or bear trends or in trading ranges, are simply tests of the determination of the
countertrend traders and the resolve of the with trend traders. The pullbacks often
come close to ﬂipping the always-in position to the opposite direction, but there
is inadequate follow-through. Strong traders love these reversal attempts, because
they know that most will fail. Whenever the countertrend traders are able to create
one, the with trend traders come in and heavily ﬁght the reversal attempt, and usu-
ally win. They see these sharp countertrend moves as great opportunities to enter
in the direction of the trend at a great price that is likely to exist only brieﬂy, and
quickly become simply a spike pullback in the trend.
Every pullback is a small trend, and every trend is just a pullback on a higher
time frame chart. This includes the 1987 and 2008–2009 stock market crashes,
which were just pullbacks to the monthly bull trend line. Every countertrend spike

CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
115
should be considered to be a vacuum effect pullback, and many pullbacks end
with or soon after very strong trend bars that are attempts to reverse the trend. For
example, if there is a sharp bear spike in a bull trend on the 5 minute chart and then
the market suddenly reverses into a bull leg, there was an area of support at the
low, whether or not you saw it in advance. The bulls stepped aside until the market
reached a level where they believed that value was great and the opportunity to
buy at this great price would be brief. They know that most attempts to reverse
fail, and that many reversal attempts have strong bear trend bars. They bet against
the follow-through selling that traders would need to see to be conﬁdent of an
always-in reversal, and they came in and bought aggressively at the close of the bar
and as the next bar was forming. Since there was no one left to short, the market
raced up for many bars, ending the pullback and resuming the trend. The smart
bears were aware of that magnet, and they used it as an opportunity to take proﬁts
on their shorts.
The market is always trying to reverse (although most attempts fail), and a
successful reversal needs follow-through to convince traders that the always-in di-
rection has ﬂipped. These spikes come close to forming convincing ﬂips, but fail
to have enough follow-through. The result is that they make traders wonder if the
always-in position will ﬂip, but when the follow-through is inadequate, they decide
that the reversal attempt will fail. The bulls then see the spike down as a brief op-
portunity to buy at a great price. The bears who shorted near the bottom of the bear
trend bar and higher also realize that the reversal attempt is failing, and they quickly
buy back their shorts and step aside until they see another opportunity to try to take
control of the market again. The result is a market bottom on the 5 minute chart.
That bottom, like all bottoms, occurs at some higher time frame support level, like
a bull trend line, a moving average, or a bear trend channel line along the bottom
of a large bull ﬂag. It is important to remember that if the 5 minute reversal was
strong, traders would buy based on that reversal, whether or not they saw support
on the daily or 60 minute chart. Also, traders would not buy at that low, even if
they saw the higher time frame support, unless there was evidence on the 5 minute
chart that it was forming a bottom. This means that they do not need to be looking
at lots of different charts in search of that support level, because the reversal on
the 5 minute chart tells them that it is there. If they are able to follow multiple time
frames, they will see support and resistance levels before the market reaches them,
and this can alert them to look for a setup on the 5 minute chart when the market
reaches the magnet; but if they simply carefully follow the 5 minute chart, it will
tell them all that they need to know.
Stock traders routinely buy strong bear spikes in bull trends because they see
the spike as a value play. Although they usually look for strong price action before
buying, they will often buy a stock that they like at the bottom of a sharp sell-off,
especially to the area of the bull trend line or other support area, like a trading

116
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
range low, even if it has not yet reversed up. They believe that the market is tem-
porarily, incorrectly underpricing the stock because of some news event, and they
buy it because they doubt it will remain discounted for long. They don’t mind if it
falls a little further, because they doubt that they can pick the exact bottom of the
pullback; but they want to get in during the sell-off because they believe that the
market will quickly correct its mistake and the stock will soon rally.
A climax is simply any market that has gone too far, too fast in the eyes of
traders. It is a trend bar or a series of trend bars with little overlap, and it can occur
at any time, including as a breakout, at the start of a trend, or after a trend has gone
on for many bars. The market pauses after the spike, and then the trend can resume
or reverse. When there is a large spike and it is followed either immediately or soon
thereafter by a spike in the opposite direction, the market is trying to reverse. When
this happens, it creates a climactic reversal, which is a two-bar reversal that may
be visible only on a higher or lower time frame chart. For example, if there is a bull
trend that has gone on for 20 bars and now has the largest bull trend bar of the
entire trend, traders will wonder if it is a climactic end to the trend (a blow off top).
If there is then a strong bear trend bar or two on the reversal down, the bear spike
forms a two-bar reversal with the ﬁnal bull trend bar or bars of the climax, whether
or not there were several bars separating the ﬁnal bull trend bar and the ﬁrst bear
trend bar. On a higher time frame chart, traders can see a simple two-bar reversal.
This will be a simple reversal bar on an even higher time frame chart. As long as you
understand what the market is doing, there is no need to look through several time
frames in search of a perfect two-bar reversal setup. You know it exists by what
you are seeing on the chart in front of you, and that is all you need to place a trade.
Both bulls and bears will sell when there is a second or third consecutive buy
climax without much of a correction between the climaxes, and this selling can
lead to a climactic reversal. The bears are selling to initiate shorts for what they be-
lieve will be at least a scalp down. The bulls see the ﬁnal large bull trend bar or two
as a great price to take proﬁts, since they believe it is likely at least a temporary end
of the trend, and beginning of a deeper pullback, a trading range, or an opposite
trend. They expect the market to trend down for about 10 bars and two legs, and
are afraid that the bull trend might have ended and the old high might not be
exceeded. When there is a second buy climax and then a reversal setup, both bulls
and bears wonder if the market is setting up a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal (with the pullback
after the ﬁrst buy climax being the ﬁnal ﬂag). When the reversal signal bar forms
after a third push up, traders wonder if the market is creating a wedge top. The
opposite is true after consecutive sell climaxes where traders look for possible
ﬁnal ﬂag and wedge bottoms.
When the climax is very impressive and the context is right, they will sell out
of their entire long positions. If they thought that the market would only fall a few
ticks, they would not exit their longs and then try to buy a couple of ticks lower.

CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
117
They are exiting because they expect that they will be able to buy low enough below
their exit price that the additional proﬁt will more than make up for transaction
costs. They are also concerned that the market might reverse into a bear trend, or
at least into a deep enough pullback so that the market might not make another
high for more bars than they would be willing to wait. Because they are not looking
to buy until the market trades down signiﬁcantly, there is an absence of buyers.
Also, strong bears will short as the market falls. Because there are more sellers
than buyers, the pullback can be sharp and even become a trend reversal. If the
market instead continues up after their exit, they will look to buy again higher or
on a pullback. If the market begins to turn down, they will look to buy lower if
there is a setup, but usually not for about 10 bars. If there is no buy setup after 10
or 20 bars, then the trend has likely reversed to down, and then traders would not
be looking to buy. If there is a buy setup after about 10 bars and two legs, the bulls
will reinstate their longs and the bears will take proﬁts on their shorts.
Consecutive climaxes increase the chances of a correction. For example, if
there is a buy climax (one or a few large bull trend bars) and then only a brief pause
or pullback and then a second buy climax, the odds of a signiﬁcant correction or a
reversal are higher. If there is instead just another small pullback and then a third
buy climax, the market will usually begin at least a two-legged correction that will
last at least 10 bars. The pause can be any bar that is not another big bull trend
bar. A doji with a bear or bull body or a bear trend bar, which might be small,
are the most common pauses. The pause bar sometimes has a high that is slightly
above the high of the second buy climax bar, but still acts as a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag and
leads to a reversal after the third climax. The third climax is usually only one or
two large bull trend bars. The consecutive climaxes indicate that the market might
have gone too far, too fast, and bulls might then only be willing to buy much lower.
Two consecutive buy climaxes create two pushes up and is effectively a double top,
even though the second high is much higher. Three consecutive buy climaxes is a
wedge top. The second top can be far above the ﬁrst and the third can be far above
the second, and the pattern can look more like a bull spike than a wedge. However,
they have the same implications and can be traded the same. Only very experienced
traders should short buy climaxes because it is easy to misread the price action
and end up shorting a strong bull where there really is no signiﬁcant climax or
reversal pattern.
If a pullback after a buy climax lasts 10 or more bars and it breaks out of the
bottom of a bull channel, it usually has sufﬁciently worked off the excess so that if
there is another buy climax, there is less of a sense of excess and less of a need for
a big correction. Some trends have a series of strong breakouts and then trading
ranges. Each breakout is a spike and therefore a buy climax, but the trading ranges
that follow show that the strong bulls are still buying near the high. This means
that the breakout was created more by strong bulls than by weak bears who were

118
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
buying back their shorts in a panic. The market is now going sideways because the
strong bulls believe it will go higher and are not waiting for lower prices, and the
strong bears are not shorting aggressively, because they too believe that the market
will go higher. It does not make sense for them to begin to establish shorts if they
believe that they will be able to do so higher.
The reversal spike can be smaller or larger than the trend spike, and if it is
larger, the odds of a reversal are greater. After the initial move of the reversal spike,
the market then either pauses or forms a trading range, which can be brief or last
for dozens of bars. During this pause, both the bulls and the bears are adding to
their positions in an attempt to get follow-through in the form of a channel in their
direction. For example, if there is a strong spike up and then a strong move down,
both the bulls and the bears are being aggressive. The spike down can be in the
same bar as the spike up, and when that happens, there will be a large tail at the
top of a large bar. On a smaller time frame, there would be one or more bull trend
bars followed by one or more bear trend bars. Alternatively, the spike down can
be on the next bar or even several bars later. On a higher time frame, the reversal
would simply be a bull trend bar immediately followed by a bear trend bar, creating
a two-bar reversal. On an even higher time frame, the reversal would be a single
reversal bar. The spike down may have follow-through over the next bar or several
bars. Whether or not it does, the market will soon pause or correct some back up.
Very often, it will form a trading range that can be brief or last for dozens of bars.
The bulls are buying more, trying to push the market up into a bull channel, and the
bears are selling in the trading range, hoping for a channel down. At some point,
one side will win and the other side will be forced to cover. If the bulls win, the
bears will buy back their shorts, adding to the buying pressure and increasing the
strength of the rally. If the bears win, the bulls will have to sell out of their longs,
and this will enhance the force of the bear channel.
When a climactic reversal occurs in a trend, the reversal usually takes place
after a breakout of a trend channel line. A reversal back into a channel often leads to
a test of the opposite side of the channel, which offers a good trading opportunity.
Because of this, it is important to be looking for channels, and if you see a breakout
through the trend channel line and an immediate and strong reversal, be prepared
to take the reversal entry. Sometimes the trend will resume within a bar or two and
break beyond the channel line again and that second breakout will also fail. When
that happens, the reversal trade is even more reliable.
Sometimes a double top bear ﬂag forms within the trading range after a buy
climax, providing an additional reason to enter short into a trend reversal trade. If
instead there is a double bottom bull ﬂag, it is a buy setup. The opposite is true after
a sell climax. If there is a double bottom bull ﬂag after the spike up off the low, it is
a buy setup. If the trading range after the reversal up instead forms a double top, it
is a sell setup.

CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
119
The reversal leg that leads to the trading range is often relatively small com-
pared to the prior trend, but it usually breaks the trend line and it can be the ﬁrst
leg of an opposite trend. Despite that, it still can be easy to overlook, so whenever
there is a climactic move, it is something that you should try to ﬁnd. It may have a
low-momentum drift toward the old extreme, leading to a failed test (a lower high
at a bull top or a higher low at a bottom), or it could continue to a new extreme
and there may not be a reversal. If instead it does reverse, the new, opposite trend
sometimes becomes very strong very fast and often forms a spike and channel
trend pattern.
An inside bar after a breakout bar is often soon followed by a trend bar in the
opposite direction, creating a climactic reversal setup. As with all climactic reversal
setups, the channel that follows can go either way, and the important thing is to be
aware of both possibilities. Once the trend begins, look for with-trend setups.
Sometimes there can be an impressive spike, then a pullback, and then the
start of a channel, only for the channel to fail and reverse direction. In hindsight,
that pullback was the spike in the opposite direction and it led to a channel in
the opposite direction. However, once you recognize it, then you know there is an
opposite, new trend and you should try to take every with-trend entry.
Strong climactic reversals without a signiﬁcant test of the extreme occur only
a few times a month on 5 minute charts. These are sometimes called V bottoms
and inverted V tops, which are simply two-bar reversals. The up and down spikes
can contain many bars, but there is always a higher time frame where the pattern is
a simple two-bar reversal. However, as with any type of reversal pattern, most at-
tempts to form a climactic reversal fail, or the market at least tests the spike before
reversing. In a bull market, most spike tops get tested, and in a bear market, most V
bottoms get tested, no matter how emotional and strong the reversal appears to be.
This is because these climaxes are reversal attempts, and traders know that most
reversals fail. They are not willing to trust a reversal unless it gets tested.
However, if there is a bull trend and a pullback ends in a strong, emotional
spike down, the low of that spike may or may not get tested. Once everyone senses
that the pullback has ended and the trend is resuming, traders are eager to buy the
trend. There is no hesitancy or uncertainty and there is no need for a test. Here, it is
the bottom of a bull ﬂag and not the bottom of a bear trend that is trying to reverse
into a bull trend. Similarly, when there is a spike top in a pullback in a bear trend,
the top of the spike may or may not get tested. It is just the top of a bear ﬂag and
not the top of a bull trend that is in the process of reversing.
Climaxes, parabolas, and V tops and bottoms all have one thing in common,
and that is their slope. Instead of it being linear (a straight line), it is curved and
increasing. At some point, the market quickly reverses direction, and usually, at the
very least, there will be a protracted sideways move and possibly a trend reversal.
All of these patterns are simply trend channel line overshoots and reversals and

120
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
therefore they should be traded as such; giving them special names adds nothing to
your trading success. The trend channel line might not be obvious at the moment
of the reversal, but once a parabolic move is underway, price action traders are
constantly drawing and redrawing trend channel lines and then watching for an
overshoot and reversal. The best reversals have large reversal bars and preferably
a second entry. The ﬁrst leg of the reversal will almost always break the trend line,
and if it does not, then the reversal is suspect, and a trading range or continuation
pattern becomes much more likely. When trading countertrend, it is better to wait
for a test of the old trend before trading in the opposite direction. For example, it
is a more proﬁtable strategy to buy a higher low after a sell climax than it is to buy
the initial reversal up, because too many reversal attempts fail. If a second entry
fails, the old trend will likely run for at least two more legs.
Parabolic moves often have three pushes and therefore are wedge tops, which
are discussed more in a following chapter. The third push is a strong breakout that
runs for several bars to a support or resistance level, which may not be obvious,
and then the market stalls and can reverse sharply. The breakout is beyond a two-
push pattern where traders were expecting a reversal, like a higher high at the top
of a trading range (or a lower low at the bottom). Remember, a higher high is just
a two-legged rally, and therefore the reversal down is a low 2 short setup. Only
experienced traders should ever attempt to fade a strong trend, even when it might
be forming a climactic reversal. Most traders should wait to see if the always-in
direction reverses before looking to trade in the opposite direction (for example,
after a parabolic bull trend reverses down strongly enough to now be in a bear
trend). If the market triggers the climactic reversal short after the second or third
buy climax, and then rallies above the high, there is sometimes a violent breakout
as traders switch from trading range mode back into bull trend mode, expecting a
measured move up. If the market reverses down from a buy climax, the reversal
down usually comes from some form of double top that might only be obvious
on a smaller time frame chart but can be inferred from the 5 minute chart. The
reversal can be sharp, or the market might pull back for several bars and form a ﬂag,
which then might break out in the wrong direction (down, instead of up), before
the market then moves down as fast as it moved up. Trend lines and trend channel
lines should hold and lead to reversals away from the lines, indicating that they
were successful in containing the trend. Sometimes one will fail to hold the price
action and the market will not stop and reverse on the test of the line. The breaking
of a trend line has the opposite implication from the breaking of a trend channel
line. The break of a trend line means that a possible trend reversal is underway,
but breaking a trend channel line means that the trend has increased in strength
and is now steeper. However, most trend channel line breakouts fail within about
ﬁve bars and the market then reenters the channel and usually pokes through the
opposite side of the channel (it breaks through the trend line).

CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
121
A trend line break is the ﬁrst step in a trend reversal, and if the break is on
strength, the odds of a successful test of the trend’s extreme increase. For example,
after a bear trend line break, the test of the low would likely form a higher low and
then at least a second leg up, or a lower low and then at least a two-legged up move.
Steep trend lines with one- or two-bar false breakouts are reliable with trend
patterns, and therefore attract a lot of traders. However, whenever a reliable pat-
tern fails, then there will be an unusually large number of trapped traders. The
reverse move will likely be a proﬁtable trade, and it can be sharp and result in a
trend reversal. These reversal attempts are common on the 1 minute chart, but it
is far better to not trade countertrend off 1 minute charts since most reversals fail.
You should almost always trade in the direction of the 5 minute chart.
Whenever a trend channel line fails (the market breaks through it instead of
bouncing off it), you should assume that the trend is much stronger than you
thought and you should look for with-trend entries. However, be aware that the
trend channel line breakout might soon fail and lead to a reversal, so be prepared
to exit any breakout pullback quickly if it starts to fail.
Trend channel line overshoots are parabolic moves because for the market to
go beyond the trend channel line, the market is accelerating, which means that it is
becoming parabolic. It the market reverses, it will usually have at least a 10-bar and
two-legged correction. If it reenters the channel, it will usually poke out of the other
side of the channel, beyond the trend line, and it may become a trend reversal.
Traditional technical analysis teaches that major reversals come with excep-
tional volume, especially at market bottoms. That is more often true with stocks,
especially those that have smaller volume, but it is not a reliable sign in huge mar-
kets. Most major reversals up or down in markets like the SPY or Emini occur in
the absence of clearly understandable volume patterns, although sometimes there
is huge volume at a climactic market bottom, when there is a sell vacuum into
a support level and the bears ﬁnally take proﬁts and the bulls ﬁnally buy aggres-
sively. When there is a reversal up from a bottom where one or more bars have 10
to 20 times the volume of the most of the bars of recent days, the odds of more
follow-through buying are greater. Also, if there is a bull spike with 10 to 20 times
the average volume and a range that is ﬁve or more times larger than most bars
of recent days, the odds are good that there will be higher prices over the next
many bars. The market will usually go up for at least a measured move. Much
less often, the market instead falls below the bull spike and then has a measured
move down.
Climactic tops are rarely as dramatic and rarely have useful volume patterns.
Active traders who pay attention to volume will likely miss out on many good trades
and make less money than if they simply traded on the price action alone. While it
is true that most tradable tops and bottoms where the volume is unusually high
will have a volume divergence on the 1 minute chart, most traders will make more

122
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
money if they ignore it and carefully watch the price action on the 5 minute chart or
some other higher time frame chart. The 1 minute volume divergence means that
the ﬁnal low will have less volume than a recent previous attempt to reverse up.
There are usually tick and oscillator divergences as well, but experienced traders
are aware of this when they see a tradable bottom, and will not feel a need to check
for something that they already know is present.
The key to understanding climactic reversals is to realize that they are just
failed breakouts. For example, when a bull trend goes on for 40 bars without much
of a pullback and then has the biggest bull trend bar of the trend, and it has small
tails and a close well above the high of the prior bar, giving it the look of an ex-
ceptionally strong breakout, the odds of follow-through buying are less than with
all of the other breakouts earlier in the trend. This is because experienced traders
will expect a transition into a trading range after a trend goes on for dozens of bars
without much of a pullback. They know that the probabilities begin to favor this. If
instead the market has the strongest breakout of the trend at this point, the market
is trying to convert an overdone bull trend into an even steeper bull trend, and the
chance of success is probably less than 30 percent. The bulls and bears look to fade
the breakout, expecting it to fail and become an exhaustion gap instead of a measur-
ing gap, and be followed by at least a two-legged, ten-bar correction to the moving
average. The bulls sell out of their longs to take windfall proﬁts and the bears short.
Beginning traders do the opposite. The ones who are ﬂat and missed the entire rally
are afraid that they are now missing the strongest part of the bull trend and buy.
The weak bears who have been holding, hoping for a reversal, are terriﬁed and buy
back their shorts, Both are doing the exact opposite of what the institutions are do-
ing and are therefore doomed to lose money. The beginners are such a small part
of the market that their effect is not signiﬁcant, although decades ago this type of
backwards behavior by beginners and experienced traders was probably an impor-
tant component of climactic reversals. Today’s smart traders don’t buy in a panic,
and instead fade likely climaxes. Most breakouts fail, and sometimes the strongest
breakout attempts are the most likely to fail.

Figure 4.1
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
123
FIGURE 4.1
Late Acceleration Can Be Exhaustion
If a trend suddenly accelerates, it can be a successful breakout, leading to another
leg down, or an exhaustive end of the trend. In Figure 4.1, bar 13 and bar 15 on this
5-minute Emini chart had very large ranges and bodies and followed several other
bear bars, but signiﬁed opposite conditions. Bar 13 was a breakout below a trading
range in a possible trend-resumption bear trend day. It became a measuring gap.
Strong breakouts usually have at least two legs, as was the case here. The pullback
after the second sell climax can be a single bar or several bars, and the low of one
or more of those bars can be below the low of the sell climax, as it was here in
the bear ﬂag to bar 14.bar 15 was a larger bear trend bar and therefore represented
even more intense selling, and the market became almost vertical. The last longs
had sold out and there was no one left to sell. It became an exhaustion gap as the
market reversed above its high. Consecutive sell climaxes often are followed by at
least a 10-bar, two-legged reversal. (I use the phrase “10-bar, two-legged” often, and
my intention is to say that the correction will last longer and be more complex than
a small pullback. That type of correction usually requires at least 10 bars and two
legs.) The strong bull reversal traded back into the trading range, which, like all
trading ranges, was a magnet.
All strong bulls and bears love to see an exceptionally large trend bar like
bar 15 after a protracted trend, because they expect it to be a brief, unusually great
opportunity. A trend bar is a breakout, and since most breakout attempts fail, and
this one is after a prior sell climax that did not have much of a correction and

124
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.1
after a bull trend that has gone on for dozens of bars without a correction, the odds
against a crash are very high. Smart traders see this as an unusual opportunity to
buy when the probability of lower prices is very small, at least for many bars. The
bears buy back their shorts and the bulls buy new longs. Both buy aggressively at
the close of the bar, below its low, at the close of the next bar (especially if it is a
less strong trend bar or has a body in the opposite direction), and at the close of
the following bar. That bar was bar 16, which had a bull close. They also buy above
the high of the prior bar. When they see a strong bull trend bar, like the bar after
bar 16, they buy at its close and above its high. Both the bulls and the bears expect
a larger correction, and the bears will not consider shorting again until at least a
10-bar, two-legged correction, and even then only if the rally looks weak. The bulls
expect the same rally and will not be eager to take proﬁts too early. The aggressive,
experienced bulls who bought at the close of bar 15 could have used a protective
stop equal to about the height of the bar, which was four points. They probably
had at least a 60 percent chance of the market testing to at least the high of the
bar before their stops were hit, so this was a mathematically sound trade. Once the
market began to reverse up sharply, they would have swung at least part of their
position into the close.
Weak traders see bar 15 in an opposite way. The weak bears who had been
sitting on the sidelines, hoping for an easy pullback to short, see the market
running away from them and they want to make sure they catch this next leg
down, especially since bar 15 is such a strong bar. They see the large bear trend
bar as a possible crash. They know that the probability is very low, but don’t want
to risk missing a huge reward, which they believe will more than offset the tiny
probability. The weak bulls who bought early and maybe scaled in are terriﬁed
by the rapidity with which bar 15 fell and are afraid of relentless follow-through
selling, so they sell out of their longs. These weak traders are trading on emotion
and are competing against computers, which do not have emotion as one of the
variables in their algorithms. Since the computers control the market, the emotions
of the weak traders doom them to big losses on bars like bar 15.
Bar 11 was a second-entry buy signal for a lower low major trend reversal. The
two-legged rally to bar 9 broke above the bear trend line of the sell-off from bar 6
to bar 7. However, only one bar closed above the moving average, so there was not
impressive buying. The ﬁve-bar bull spike up to bar 12 might have been the start
of a major bull trend reversal, but it failed to have any large bull trend bars and
simply tested the bar 9 top of the trading range, where it formed a double top with
bar 9. At this point, the market was either undergoing a weak major trend reversal
up or testing the top of a trading range in a bear market (a bear ﬂag). The large
bar 13 bear trend bar was a breakout of the bear ﬂag and a resumption of the bear
trend. The attempt at a major trend reversal failed. The trend line break and the
rally off the bar 11 low both lacked consecutive, large bull trend bars, and traders
never saw the market as having ﬂipped to always-in long.

Figure 4.2
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
125
FIGURE 4.2
Spike Up but Channel Down
Sometimes the market will have a spike up and then a spike down. This is usually
followed by a trading range as the bulls and bears ﬁght to form a channel. The bulls
are trying to create a channel up, whereas the bears want one down.
As shown in Figure 4.2, the Globex 1 minute Emini spiked up on a 5:30 a.m.
PST report, but formed a strong reversal bar down at bar 1. Bar 1 was a three-
point-tall bar, which is big on a 1 minute chart and therefore qualiﬁes as a possible
spike down. Bar 3 was a two-legged move up, forming a low 2 in the possible new
bear trend. Also, bar 2 was an ii variation if you look only at the bodies (the body
of bar 2 was inside that of bar 1, which was inside that of the prior bull breakout
bar, and an ii pattern indicates indecision), and the move up to bar 3 was a false
breakout of the top of the ii pattern. The market went sideways for about 10 bars,
which qualiﬁes as a trading range after the down spike. Bar 4 had a minimal break
above a minor trend line and then the market resumed its downtrend. Bar 5 was a
second-chance entry. It was a pullback from the breakout below bar 2 and a failed
micro channel breakout.
As a general rule, big up + big down = confusion = trading range, at least for a
while, as was the case after the bar 1 bear reversal bar and buy climax.

126
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.3
FIGURE 4.3
Spike Up and Down in One Bar
A large bar with a large tail on top is a spike up and a spike down, but in a single bar.
Sometimes the channel can be very tight as it was in Figure 4.3 after the bar 3
spike. There were more than 10 bars in a very tight channel, and this is unsustain-
able activity. Almost every bar had a higher high, low, and close. However, being in
an unsustainable mode is not reason enough to go short, because the market can
sustain this unusual behavior longer than you can sustain your account. Whenever
the market does something extreme, it will soon be followed by the opposite type
of behavior. An extreme trend will be followed by a trading range and sometimes a
reversal, and an extreme trading range will be followed by a trend.
The tight channel is basically an upwardly sloping tight trading range, and it
had to break out eventually. It broke to the upside on bar 5, and when that failed, it
was likely to break to the downside as it ultimately did. The market went sideways
for 5 bars and then formed a lower high at bar 7, completing a small trading range
after the bar 5 spike down (it spiked up and reversed down in what had to be a
spike down on a 1 minute chart). On a higher time frame chart, the sell-off to bar 2
broke below the bull trend line, and the rally to bar 5 was a higher high major trend
reversal.
Bar 9 can have been viewed as an expansion of the trading range, a lower high
major trend reversal after the bar 8 break below the bull trend line, or a double

Figure 4.3
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
127
top bear ﬂag (it was approximately the same level as bar 7, and at least a second
attempt to rally to the bar 5 high). The name is irrelevant, but it was a good short
setup. The market then trended lower for the rest of the day, and accelerated as
it fell.
Bar 10 was a three-bar bear spike and the move down to bar 11 was a channel.
Yesterday, bar 3 was a spike followed by a channel that began at bar 4. The start
of the channel usually gets tested within a day or two (the bar 4 low was taken
out with the bear trend following the climactic top that began with the bar 5 large
tail, but the bar 10 high beginning of the channel down was not tested during the
following two weeks).
The move to bar 12 barely broke above the bear trend line, but it was a weak
move. Therefore, traders should have continued to look only for shorts and not
a trend reversal. A break of a trend line alone is not enough reason to look for a
reversal. The break has to be strong before traders will believe that the bulls will
be able to sustain a strong move up.

128
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.4
FIGURE 4.4
After a Climax, the Channel Direction Can Be Unclear for a While
After a buy climax (a spike up and then a spike down, sometimes within a single
bar), there will often be a bull channel that fails, and then the market will form a
bear channel. Both charts in Figure 4.4 show the 5 minute SPY. The run-up to bar 2
was a strong bull spike. After the sharp moving average pullback to bar 3 that broke
a trend line, the bull channel began. However, it failed in a two-legged lower high at
bar 4. Once the market broke below the bull channel with the bar 5 pullback, which
also broke the major bull trend line, it became obvious that this was not a bull spike
and channel day and that the market was forming a trading range. This became a
triangle top, and then a spike and channel down. Some traders saw the move down
to bar 3 as the important bear spike, while others saw the move down to bar 5 as
more important. Both spikes were part of the selling pressure that resulted in the
bears gaining control over the market.
Bar 8 formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 3, and it was the second long
entry for the moving average gap bar. Once the buy failed, it was clear that the
bears were in control and that a bear channel was underway, with the push down
to bar 5 being the bear spike. At this point, you should try to take all short entries
and consider any longs to be scalps until there is a climactic overshoot of the bear

Figure 4.4
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
129
trend channel line and reversal up. In general, it is better to ignore the long setups
and just trade with the trend when there is a strong bear trend like this. Bar 13
reversed up from breaking three such lines.
Consecutive climaxes often result in a signiﬁcant correction, but the odds go
down if there is a signiﬁcant correction after each climax. There was a sell climax
down to bar 3 and another down to bar 5, but the rallies to bars 4 and 7 relieved the
selling pressure and reduced the need for a sharp reversal up. However, in the bear
channel from bar 7 to bar 13, there was no relief from the intense selling that oc-
curred during the climaxes from bar 9 to bar 10 and from bar 11 to bar 12. The four-
bear trend bar plunge down to bar 13 was the exhaustive sell climax that showed
the capitulation of the weak traders. The third sell climax is usually the most dra-
matic, and it typically has a large bear spike, which overshoots trend channel lines
and creates a parabolic bend to the channel. The parabolic slope indicates that the
momentum down was increasing as the market was falling, and a parabolic trend
usually is in its last stage. The ﬁnal weak bulls gave up and sold at any price, and
the ﬁnal weak bears ﬁnally joined the other bears by shorting at the market during
the free fall. This was the third consecutive sell climax without a signiﬁcant break,
and channels often end with the third push. The tight channel meant that there
was urgency, and the momentum increased on the way down. The move to bar 13
collapsed through the trend channel line, which is how many channels end.
So what about the strong bulls and bears? They see the climaxes and under-
stand the excess. The strong bears already shorted higher and were not interested
in shorting down here. They would short only a signiﬁcant pullback, maybe near
the top of the channel where they originally shorted. With no more strong or weak
bears shorting and no more weak bulls exiting, the selling pressure disappeared.
The strong bulls saw the collapse and stepped aside. They knew that the market
was going lower, so there was no incentive for them to buy until they believed that
the market was as low as it would go. They wanted to buy at the best price and that
was at the bottom. The different institutions each had their own measures of value
and excess, and when enough of them agreed that the market was a good value,
there was enough strong buying for a rally. Also, the strong bears understood the
excess and took proﬁts. Their buying contributed to the rally. They would have
considered shorting again if the market was able to get back to around the start of
the channel, which is where they had shorted earlier and made a proﬁt.
The bottom is always at a conﬂuence of magnets. Here, it was just beyond a
measured move down from the open of the bull spike at bar 1 to the close of the ﬁnal
bar of the bull spike ﬁve bars later. It was also a trend channel line overshoot from
a trend channel line drawn across the two swing lows of yesterday (not shown),
and the bar 13 two-bar reversal up was also the signal for a large, two-day expanding
triangle bottom. Bar 13 also overshot three smaller trend channel lines created by
the channel down from bar 7.

130
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.5
FIGURE 4.5
Opposite Trend Bars Create a Climactic Reversal
A trend bar in one direction followed by another in the opposite direction is a cli-
mactic reversal, and the channel that follows can be in either direction since there
are spikes in both directions. In Figure 4.5, AAPL had several climaxes and rever-
sals on this 5 minute chart.
Bar 3 was a large bear trend bar and therefore a spike, a breakout, and a cli-
max. It was immediately followed by an even larger trend bar in the opposite di-
rection, which was a buy climax. It was tempting to assume that this represented
even stronger conviction, but you needed to be patient and let the market show you
where it was going. Your job is to follow the institutions and not guess what they
might do.
The rally to bar 5 was a higher high breakout pullback from the bar 3 bear
breakout, and a pause after the bar 4 bull breakout. Bar 6 was another bear spike
and therefore another sell climax. The tight trading range after bar 6 was a pullback
from the bar 4 bull breakout, and a possible start of the bear channel following the
bar 3 breakout and bar 6 bear spike. During the tight trading range that followed
bar 6, the bulls were buying in an attempt to create a bull channel, and the bears
were shorting as they tried to create a bear channel. The bears ultimately won. Even
though the bar 4 buy climax was a larger and stronger trend bar than were the bar 3
and bar 6 bear spikes, the bears were able to overcome the bulls.

Figure 4.5
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
131
Bar 15 was a bull reversal bar and since it had a fairly large range and a big
body, it was a buy climax. It immediately followed a large bear bar, which was a sell
climax. Since the channel down had been so steep, it was more likely that the ﬁrst
attempt to break out would fail. Whenever there is a small entry bar in a reversal in
a strong trend, the odds favor it becoming just a with-trend ﬂag. Here, the two bars
after the bar 15 reversal were small, showing the weakness of the bulls, and they
formed a bear ﬂag.
All two-bar reversals are opposite climaxes, albeit usually small. Bar 17 was
a small bear climax followed immediately by a bull trend bar, setting up a two-
bar reversal. The spike down was the sell climax, and the spike up was the bull
breakout. The spike up lasted for three bars. Bar 19 was a bear spike, which was a
sell climax and a breakout of the bear ﬂag, which was also a pullback to the moving
average. It was reversed by the bar 10 buy climax.
The bull spike from bar 23 to bar 25 or consisting of just bars 24 and 25 was
reversed by the smaller bar 29 bear trend bar. That sell climax was followed by a
couple of dojis and then a sell-off into the close. The bear channel ended on the
next day.
Bar 31 was a buy climax followed by the bar 32 sell climax, which was reversed
on the next bar. Bar 33 was another large bull trend bar, and therefore a buy climax,
and it broke out above the opening range. It was followed by a four-bar pullback,
which contained a bear breakout bar, and then the rally resumed in the form of a
bull channel.
The rally to bar 18 broke above the bear channel from bar 5 to bar 17, but stalled
at the moving average. The market turned down from the double top at bar 20, but
found buyers at the bar 22 low, where the market formed a double bottom bull
ﬂag. Was that double bottom higher low a good setup for a major trend reversal?
It was not ideal since, although the two-legged rally above the bear trend line to
bar 20 had many bull bars, it could not hold above the moving average and was
therefore not strong. The two-legged rally from the bar 22 double bottom to bar 28
was surprisingly strong, but many traders saw it as the ﬁrst rally in a bear trend and
therefore possibly just a bear rally instead of a new bull trend. It was strong enough,
however, to make traders look to buy a test of the bear low. Traders bought above
the bull bar that followed the bar 32 sell-off on the open of the next day, and again
above the second bull signal bar that formed two bars later. It created a second
signal (a micro double bottom with the bull bar after bar 32), and was therefore
more reliable. The result was a major trend reversal from the lower low after the
strong bear trend line break (the rally to bar 28). Because it unfolded over so many
bars, the pattern was probably easier to see on a higher time frame chart.

132
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.6
FIGURE 4.6
V Tops and Bottoms Are Rare
V bottoms and inverted V tops that reverse the market without ﬁrst having a sig-
niﬁcant pullback are rare. Most spikes fail to immediately reverse the market, and
instead the end of the spike usually gets tested. In Figure 4.6, the bar 3 wedge bot-
tom led to a rally to the moving average. This was a potential V bottom, but the
sell-off to the bar 5 higher low tested the bottom of the spike. Most reversals that
are called inverted V tops or V bottoms are actually some other type of bottom,
like a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal or a micro double top or bottom. For example, the rever-
sal up from the bar 3 low was a wedge bottom, and a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, based on
the two-bar bear ﬂag that followed bar 2. The bar 19 bottom was a micro double
bottom, because the bar before bar 19 traded down and then up into its close.
Bar 19 traded down again and the bar after it traded up, creating a micro double
bottom. The double bottom could easily be seen on the 1 minute chart (not shown)
and is easily inferred based on this 5 minute chart.
Bar 20 was the top of a protracted rally off of the bar 19 bear spike and an
attempt at a V bottom, but the bar 19 spike low was tested at the close of the day.
The move up to bar 4 was a strong break above the bear trend line, and that
made bulls look to buy either a lower low or a higher low test of the bear 3 low.
The bulls wanted to see a strong break above the trend line and not just a drift that
broke above the trend line by going sideways.

Figure 4.6
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
133
Traders expected that the three consecutive sell climaxes down to bar 3 would
be followed by a large correction with at least two legs sideways to up and lasting
at least 10 bars. The ﬁnal climax often has the largest bear trend bar of the entire
move, as it did here two bars before bar 3. Strong bears would look to sell only after
a signiﬁcant pullback, whereas strong bulls bought aggressively, and they would
have bought more if the market went lower. There was no group of strong traders
willing to sell at the bar 3 low after the third sell climax in the tight channel down
from the high of the day. Strong bears were buying back their shorts, and strong
bulls were aggressively buying new longs.
The two-legged rally to bar 6 broke well above the bull trend line, alerting
traders that the next push down could test the bar 3 bear low and then reverse
up. Bar 7 was a double bottom major trend reversal. Some traders saw the ﬁrst bot-
tom as the bar 3 low, whereas others saw the pattern as a double bottom bull ﬂag
with the bar 5 low.
Since most reversal attempts fail, including climactic reversals, many traders
fade the reversals, expecting the trend to resume at least enough for a trade. For
example, as strong as the rally to bar 4 was, many bears saw it as simply a pullback
to the moving average and a double top with the pullback from bar 1. They shorted
what they saw was a great opportunity to sell at a brief high price, and took proﬁts
on bar 5, as evidenced by the tail at its bottom and the small bull body.

134
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.7
FIGURE 4.7
V Bottoms Are Rare but Strong
A V bottom or an inverted V top without any signiﬁcant test of the spike occurs
only a few times a month on 5 minute charts. Figure 4.7 shows a 5 minute V bot-
tom, which is a sell climax and a climactic reversal. The sell-off on the open down
to bar 9 was a parabolic move, which is a type of sell climax. You can see how
the slope of the three trend channel lines became increasingly steep (from bar 2 to
bar 3, bar 5 to bar 8, and bar 8 to bar 9), which indicated panic. Traders wanted to
sell at any price. The bears pressed their shorts, quickly adding to their positions
as the market fell in the strong bear spike. However, when there are consecutive
sell climaxes, the market soon runs out of traders who are eager or even willing
to short without a signiﬁcant pullback. This lack of selling creates a buy imbal-
ance, and it is usually followed by a rally that lasts at least 10 bars and has at least
two legs.
Whenever there is a sell climax or a pair of consecutive sell climaxes as there
was here (the bear spikes that ended at bars 8 and 9) and the increased selling
comes after the market has already fallen for 10 or more bars, there is a good
chance that there will be a strong reversal. The strong bulls stepped aside because
they expected the market to trade down to some conﬂuence of magnets; once it
got there, they appeared out of nowhere and bought aggressively. The strong bears
understood what was going on and they quickly took proﬁts on their shorts once

Figure 4.7
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
135
they saw the exceptionally large bar 9 sell climax bar, and were unwilling to con-
sider shorting again until the market was much higher. The strong bulls and bears
were both buying at the close of bar 9 and on the two-bar micro double bottom that
followed, and the market could only go up.
When there is a strong spike in a market that appears to be falling too far, too
fast, there is a possibility that the sell-off is a sell vacuum down to test a support
level, and many traders will watch for a sign of a climactic reversal. There was a
strong bear spike down to bar 8 and then a one-bar low 1 sell signal. Experienced
bulls and bears were aware that if there was a particularly large bear trend bar
within a bar or two, it could have been an exhaustive end to the selling. That low 1
signal bar could have been a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag (discussed in Chapter 7). When bar 9
closed and was an especially large bear trend bar, it was a consecutive sell climax
and could have led to a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal and a rally that could reach 10 or more
bars and have two or more legs. Many bears buy back their shorts in such a scenario
because they are aware that the market might rally sharply. If there is a reasonable
sell signal after about 10 bars, they will look to short again. In this case, the market
rallied strongly and the bears saw no sign that it would sell off, so they never saw a
sensible setup to short.
Aggressive bulls also thought that the market was likely to rally and they, too,
bought. Some of the bulls and bears bought on the close of bar 9, risking about the
height of bar 9; some chose to risk less, like maybe a couple of points. Other bulls
and bears bought during and on the close of the next bar, since it was a small bar
and therefore a sign that the selling was abating. Others waited until bar 10 had a
strong bull close and bought on the close or above its highs. Finally, the remaining
bears bought back their shorts, and the cautious bulls, who wanted to be certain
that the market had ﬂipped to always-in long, bought during the ﬁve-bar bull spike
off the low and during the rally that followed. Many bulls pressed their longs, adding
to their positions during the fast, strong bull spike up from the bar 10 low.
When the market is moving quickly and experienced traders’ positions have
immediate proﬁts that are growing fast, they will often buy more as they try to
maximize their proﬁts during this brief, exceptional opportunity. This is the oppo-
site of what they would do when the market is in a tight trading range, like it was
during the ﬁrst 20 bars on the left of the chart. When there is little movement, most
traders step aside and are comfortable not trading until a trend begins. However,
institutions and high-frequency trading ﬁrms continue to trade heavily all day long,
including in tight trading ranges.
A perfect V bottom, where the market goes straight down and then up, is ex-
tremely rare. Most V bottoms have subtle price action that shows hesitation in the
selling, as it did here, alerting traders to a possible reversal. The bar after bar 8 was
a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag, which alerted traders to a possible reversal up after another
one- or two-bar sell climax. Bar 10 formed a micro double bottom with the bar

136
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.7
before it, and a micro triple bottom with the bar before it and the low of bar 9. This
was a micro three-push down pattern, and a likely triangle on a smaller time frame
chart, and it gave the bulls a low risk, high probability entry after the consecutive
sell climaxes and one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag.
Volume for most bars when the market was quiet yesterday was about 5,000 to
10,000 contracts per bar. Bar 9 had 114,000 contracts. This amount of volume was
almost entirely institutional. Was it more likely due to shorting by the institutions
because they ﬁnally decided that the market was going down after it had already
gone down for many bars, or was it due to aggressive buying by the bulls and bears
because they saw this consecutive sell climax as the end of the selling for the time
being? Institutions are smart money, so whenever they all suddenly agree and trade
extremely heavily in a protracted bear trend, the odds are very high that the trading
is due to aggressive buying by both the bears (taking proﬁts) and the bulls. If insti-
tutions are smart, proﬁtable, and responsible for every tick, why would they ever
sell the lowest tick in a bear trend? It is because that is what their algorithms have
been doing proﬁtably all of the way down, and some are designed to continue to do
it until it is clear that the bear trend is no longer in effect. They lose on that ﬁnal
sell, but make enough on all of their earlier trades to offset that loss. Remember,
all of their systems lose between 30 and 70 percent of the time, and this is one of
those times. There are also HFT ﬁrms that will scalp for even a single tick right
down to the low tick of a bear trend. The low is always at a support level, and many
HFT ﬁrms will sell a tick or two above support to try to capture that ﬁnal tick, if
their systems show that this is a proﬁtable strategy. Other institutions are selling
as part of a hedge in another market (stocks, options, bonds, currencies, etc.) be-
cause they perceive that their risk/reward ratio is better by placing the hedge. The
volume is not from small individual traders, because they are responsible for less
than 5 percent of the volume at major turning points.

Figure 4.8
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
137
FIGURE 4.8
Spike Pullbacks Are More Common Than Spike Reversals
Spikes are tests of the strength of both the trend and countertrend traders.
Up spikes in bull markets and down spikes in bear markets usually get tested, since
spike reversals are much less common than simple temporary trend extremes,
which usually get tested and exceeded. Down spikes in bull markets and up spikes
in bear markets are pullbacks and may or may not get tested. They are already tests,
testing the determination of the countertrend and the resolve of the with trend
traders. The pullbacks often come close to ﬂipping the always in position to the
opposite direction, but there is inadequate follow-through. Strong traders love
these reversal attempts, because they know that most will fail. Whenever the coun-
tertrend traders are able to create one, the with trend traders come in and heav-
ily ﬁght the reversal attempt, and usually win. They see these sharp countertrend
moves as great opportunities to enter in the direction of the trend at a great price
that is likely to exist only brieﬂy, and quickly become simply a spike pullback in the
trend. In Figure 4.8, the bar 1, bar 3, and bar 6 bear spikes in a bear market and the
bar 4 and bar 8 bull spikes were all tested on this 60 minute AAPL chart.
Bar 4 was a bull spike in a bear trend and did not have to be tested, but it was
tested about 10 bars later.
Bar 8 was a bull spike in a trading range and a break of a major trend line, so it
was likely to be tested.
Bar 7 was a new swing low, but not a spike, so it did not have to be tested.

138
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.9
FIGURE 4.9
Spike Pullbacks Usually Don’t Get Tested
A spike pullback does not have to get tested since traders agree that the trend is
resuming and they are eager to get on board, but a spike reversal usually gets tested
because it is countertrend and traders are less willing to believe that a reversal
will succeed.
Most of the bear spikes in bull trends are caused by proﬁt-taking bulls who
are looking to buy again lower, and by aggressive bears who are only looking for a
short scalp. When the market makes its sharp move down, like at bar 3, bulls buy
aggressively to initiate long positions or to add to their longs, and the bears buy
back their proﬁtable scalps. Once the bears are able to get follow-through selling,
as they did in the move down to bar 7, they expect that the market is becoming
two-sided enough to be transitioning into a trading range or even a major trend
reversal. Rather than scalping shorts at the next rally, they will begin to hold some
or all of their position for a swing down. The bulls will also expect a deeper selloff
and will only buy much lower, and only if there is a clear buy signal. With both sides
unwilling to buy until the market falls further than on past pullbacks, the chance of
a deeper pullback, a trading range, or even a major trend reversal increase.
Bar 3 in Figure 4.9 was a bear spike in a strong bull trend and was un-
likely to be tested. It was simply the ﬁrst moving average gap bar and it trapped
bears. As strong as the selling was, there was not enough follow-through selling to

Figure 4.9
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
139
convince traders that the market had reversed into an always-in short direction. The
bears who shorted during the spike realized this, quickly bought back their shorts,
stepped aside, and waited for another possible opportunity to reverse the market.
The bulls bought aggressively, since they realized that the bears had failed and that
this markdown was a brief opportunity to buy at a great price. They look forward
to bear spikes because they know that most reversal attempts fail and therefore be-
come great buy setups. With no one left willing to sell, the market went up sharply
for many bars.
Bar 6 was a bear spike that followed a wedge top, making it likely to be tested
since at least two legs down were expected.
Bar 7 was a bear spike in a bear leg and was tested with a higher low that led
to a trend resumption of the higher time frame bull trend, based on the wedge bull
ﬂag of bars 4, 6, and 7.
Bar 11 was a strong spike down and a possible ﬁrst leg down of a new bear
trend, since it followed the bar 10 higher high. At this point, it was unlikely to be
a pullback in a bull trend and therefore was likely to get tested. The market was
likely to have at least two legs down after the strong bull trend line break (in the
move down to bar 7) and then the higher high.
Bar 13 was the bottom of a two-legged pullback in a large bull trend. This could
have led to a new bull high, since it was above the bar 7 low and the market was
therefore still making higher lows and highs and might still have been in a bull
trend. With the momentum down so strong, it was better to wait for a rally from
here and then a higher low before going long. The market broke to the downside
with a large gap.
Bars 14 and 15 were bull spikes in a strong bear trend and did not have to be
tested.
Bar 17 was a bull spike in a bear trend and therefore did not have to be tested,
and it could simply have been another lower high in the bear trend, which has a
series of lower highs and lows. However, it followed a small wedge bottom (bar 15
was the pullback from the ﬁrst push down), which was likely to have at least two
legs up, so the move to bar 17 was the ﬁrst of the two possible legs. Also, the bar 16
low was in the area of the bar 1 tight trading range, which was an area of support,
and therefore a possible area where a trading range could reasonably be expected
to form. This meant that there was a good chance for a second rally from the bar 18
double bottom. The rally to bar 17 broke the bear trend line (for the trend from
bar 12 down to bar 16), making traders wonder if it was going to be followed by
a test of the bear low and then either a trading range or a major trend reversal.
It turned out to be the start of a large trading range that continued to the end of
the chart.

140
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.10
FIGURE 4.10
Test of a Bull Spike
As shown in Figure 4.10, Research in Motion (RIMM) closed yesterday with a strong
bull spike, so the odds were excellent that today was going to try to exceed it.
Although today’s rally was sloppy and did not look particularly bullish, the bears
still could not put two consecutive closes below the moving average. This chart
was going up, but its strength was deceptive.

Figure 4.11
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
141
FIGURE 4.11
Inverted V Top
As shown in Figure 4.11, this bar 2 climactic opening reversal (inverted V top) in
the ProShares UltraShort Financials ETF (SKF) was simply a reversal after break-
ing out of the top of a small bear trend channel line (dotted line). It was also a
second entry after breaking above yesterday’s high, and the end of a leg 1 = leg 2
trend resumption that began at yesterday’s open. It was the third consecutive buy
climax since the open without a signiﬁcant pullback and a possible one-bar ﬁnal
ﬂag reversal (the bear bar after bar 1 was the one-bar high 1 bull ﬂag). On a higher
time frame chart, yesterday’s sell-off broke below the bull trend line, and bar 2 was
a reversal down from a higher high. It was a measured move up from yesterday’s
trading range, but this alone is not reason enough to short a bull trend. When a
strong trend reaches an area of a measured move, the bulls are taking proﬁts, but
bears will short only if there are other factors, like there were here.
Bar 2 was a micro double top with the bull trend bar before it. The market went
up on the bull trend bar and then up again on the tail at the top of bar 2. It went
down to the bottom of bar 2 and had a third push up to the high of the small doji
bar that followed, creating a micro head and shoulders top or triangle, which was
likely visible on a smaller time frame chart. The top was also a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag
reversal from the one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag that followed bar 1. The bodies of bar 2 and the
doji that followed formed an ii with the body of the bull bar before bar 2.

142
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.12
FIGURE 4.12
Climactic Reversal with More Reasons to Reverse
Climactic reversals are more reliable when other factors are involved. As shown
in Figure 4.12, the 5 minute Oil Service HOLDRS (OIH) had a climactic opening
reversal below yesterday’s low and it was also a reversal of three trend channel
line overshoots. A trader should have bought above the large two-bar reversal at
bar 1, and again at the high 2 ﬁrst pullback at bar 2, expecting at least two legs up.
Always swing part when two legs are likely, because sometimes there will be a new
trend rather than just a two-legged pullback.
Bar 1 was a two-bar reversal bottom. The bar before bar 1 was a large bear
trend bar, larger than the bear bar before it and with a close well below it. This
means that it was a breakout below that bar, and that the smaller bear trend bar
was a variant of a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag. It was probably a small ﬁnal ﬂag on a smaller
time frame chart.

Figure 4.13
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
143
FIGURE 4.13
Don’t Buy Tests of a Bear Trend Channel Line
Countertrend traders are always drawing trend channel lines, hoping for an over-
shoot and a reversal that will allow for at least a scalp and preferably a two-legged
countertrend move. When a channel is steep, it is a losing strategy to buy every
reversal from a trend channel line overshoot. Instead wait until there is a strong
breakout of the channel, like the big gap up to bar 5 in Figure 4.13, and then look to
buy the breakout pullback, like the bar 8 second attempt to reverse yesterday’s low.
Bar 2 broke a small trend channel line, but there was no earlier countertrend
strength and the setup bar had only a small bull body. Smart traders would have
waited for a second entry, especially a higher low, and if one did not develop, they
would have viewed this as a with-trend setup, which it turned out to be. Notice
how the breakout below bar 2 was in the form of a strong bear trend bar. This is
because there were many longs who entered early on this small wedge, and most
would not concede that the reversal had failed until there was a move below the
bar 2 low of the wedge. That is where their protective stops were. Also, many bears
had entry stops there as well because a failed wedge usually runs about the height
of the wedge as a minimum, creating a great short entry for the measured move
down. When a bear channel is steep like this, smart bears will have limit orders
to short at or above the high of the prior bar, exactly where overly eager bulls
are buying.

144
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.13
Bar 3 overshot another trend channel line, but there was no entry signal so
there were very few trapped bulls.
Bar 5 opened well above the bear channel, but it was a 20 gap bar short
and essentially a ﬁrst moving average gap bar (close enough—its body was large
and entirely above the exponential moving average), creating a trend from open
move down.
Bar 6 did not reach the trend channel line, so although it tried to reverse
yesterday’s low, the reversal attempt was suspect. Most traders would have waited
for the overshoot, and in its absence would have wanted at least a second entry.
Also, the signal bar was a doji with only a tiny body, which meant that the bulls
were not strong.
Bar 8 overshot the bear trend channel line, and the signal bar was an inside
bar with a good-sized bull body. This setup was also a second attempt to reverse
yesterday’s low, creating a dependable opening reversal setup for a possible low
of the day. It was a reversal up from the bar 7 ﬁnal ﬂag and a lower low breakout
pullback from the bar 5 break above the bear channel. Remember, a bear channel is
a bull ﬂag. Some traders reasonably saw it as a major trend reversal after the rally
to bar 5 broke well above the bear trend line and the moving average. Finally, it
was a consecutive sell climax and its body was the largest bear body of the sell-off,
which is common at the end of consecutive sell climaxes.

Figure 4.14
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
145
FIGURE 4.14
Increased Slope Usually Means Climactic Emotion
Once the slope increases, the trend is accelerating and probably about to correct.
This is because the increased slope indicates increased emotion, and once the emo-
tional traders have exited, there is neither anyone left to exit nor anyone willing to
enter the trend until there is a pullback. The move up from bar 8 in Figure 4.15 was
steeper than the bull trend before it, and the entire bull trend ended with the gap
up bear reversal at bar 10.
The move down from bar 13 was steeper than the bear channel before it, and
this sell climax was reversed up at the bar 15 strong bull trend bar, which formed
a double bottom with the bar 4 start of the bull spike up to bar 10. These two days
had a huge spike up and then a huge spike down and formed a large buy climax. A
climax is usually followed by a trading range, as it was here in the two-legged rally
to bar 20.
The large bear trend bar before bar 14 was seen at the time as either a breakout
that could lead to a measured move down, or an exhaustive sell climax that might
lead to a reversal up, lasting about 10 bars and two legs. Since it followed such a
steep series of bear bars without a correction, it was likely the end of unsustainable
and therefore climactic behavior. Many traders wait to begin buying until they see
a large bear trend bar like this. Some buy on the close of the bar, but with the low
of yesterday so close, many traders waited to see if the market might fall a little

146
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.14
further. Those traders bought as bar 15 was forming, on its close, and above its
high. This was a successful sell vacuum test of yesterday’s low (a double bottom
major trend reversal) and the buyers took control over the market. They expected
the bear breakout to fail, and bar 15 was the buy signal bar for the failed breakout.
The bears who swung their shorts down to bar 15 bought them back to take proﬁts,
and they would not have done so if they were planning to short again just a few
ticks and a couple of bars higher. If they thought that the pullback was going to be
brief, they would have held short. The strong bull reversal bar and entry bar were
evidence that the reversal was strong and that the sellers were stepping aside for
about ten bars. This made the market one-sided and led to a big rally. The bears
were looking for a reasonable setup to put their shorts back on, and did not get one
until bar 20. The bulls understood that the bears were likely to come in, so they
sold out of their longs to take proﬁts, and planned to wait for about 10 bars before
considering buying again. They bought seven bars later at the bar 22 low, which
reversed up in a double bottom with the bar 17 low. It was a higher low major
trend reversal (the rally to bar 20 broke above the bear trend down to bar 15) and
a triangle (bars 4 and 15 were the ﬁrst two pushes down).

Figure 4.15
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
147
FIGURE 4.15
Reversals Need Momentum
When a climax pattern fails to form any countertrend momentum, assume that you
read the market wrong and are looking to trade in the wrong direction. Wedge re-
versals are not the same as wedge pullbacks, even though they can look the same.
You need to pay attention to the context. If there is a wedge-shaped pullback in
a bull trend, you can buy the ﬁrst signal since you are buying in a bull trend. Un-
fortunately, when the market is in a bear trend, overly eager bulls treat all wedge
bottoms as pullbacks, but most are reversals. When a wedge is a reversal, it is a
countertrend trade and you should wait for a higher low before buying, and only
after there has been a strong break of a trend line. Trying to scalp longs in a strong
bear trend is a losing strategy.
As shown in Figure 4.15, bar 4 completed a three-push down move from bars
2 and 3, and also bounced off a bear trend channel line from bars 1 and 3. How-
ever, the market went sideways rather than up. The bulls were not strong so what
appeared to be excess bearishness was not an excess at all. Whenever there is a
strong bear trend, it is always better to only look for shorts until after there is a
higher low, and even if you then buy, you need to be ready to short if the bear trend
sets up a low 2.
Bar 8 was a bull reversal bar until the ﬁnal seconds before it closed, and it
quickly sold off into a bear trend bar. What overly eager bulls thought was going

148
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.15
to be a bull reversal bar at the bottom of a wedge and two bear trend channel
lines turned into a bear breakout of the bear trend channel lines, which meant that
everyone now agreed that there was much more to go. This was conﬁrmed by the
series of bear trend bars that followed the wedge reversal failure. If you watched
the market action, you would have seen the bull reversal bar collapse into a bear
trend bar and you then would have shorted it, knowing that there were trapped
early-entry longs who had bought what they thought was going to be a strong bull
reversal bar off a bear trend channel line (don’t front-run the bars; always wait for
them to close and the next bar to conﬁrm the reversal). Even without knowing this,
shorting one tick below the low of that bear trend channel line breakout is still a
smart trade.
Bar 11 was another three-push down pattern, but with all of those dojis and
large, overlapping bars, a second signal was needed for any long, and traders should
have been looking for a small bar near the high of the barbwire to short (like bar 12,
which clearly trapped longs on the breakout from the bull reversal bar entry one bar
earlier). Bar 11 was a bad bull reversal bar because there was no prior signiﬁcant
bull strength in the form of a break above the bear trend line, and it had too much
overlap with the prior bars, forcing you to be buying near the high of a bear trading
range (remember, buy low, sell high!). This had been a very strong bear trend day,
and the best traders would not have been looking for wedges. Instead, they would
have been looking to short near the moving average. Since there were so few, the
bears were very strong and smart shorts would have been selling every failed buy
signal as well as low 1 and low 2 entries.
There were consecutive sell climaxes down to bars 2, 3, 6, and 9 and down from
bar 12. The move down was not in a tight channel, and each excess was worked off
by the market going sideways for about 10 bars. This created a series of trending
trading ranges, which is common in strong trends, and it prevented an exhaustive
climactic reversal.

Figure 4.16
CLIMACTIC REVERSALS
149
FIGURE 4.16
Too Many Trend Channel Lines
Whenever you ﬁnd yourself drawing multiple trend channel lines, you are invari-
ably blinded to what is in front of you by your anxiety over what you can’t believe
is happening (see Figure 4.16). Even though the trend is in a bear channel and
channels have a lot of two-sided trading, they can last much longer than what
seems possible. Always assume that any channel will last forever, and once it ﬁ-
nally does not, then change your mind. The two-sided trading gives the appearance
that it will soon reverse, but most reversal attempts of anything fail. The trend is
strong and you are missing all of the with-trend shorts because all you are seeing
are trend channel lines and potential reversals in what you believe is an overdone
sell-off in a trading range day (channels in spike and channel patterns always look
that way). Be patient and trade only with the trend until there is a reversal that is
so clear and strong that you don’t need to draw the line to see the excess, like the
large bar 6 that reversed yesterday’s low and was a three-push down pattern (bars
4, 5, and 6). Don’t trade what you believe should be happening. Only trade what is
happening, even if it seems impossible. As discussed in Chapter 15 on channels in
the ﬁrst book, when the market is in a bear channel, smart traders are buying only
below bars and not above; they are much more interested in shorting, and look to
short above prior bars, not below.

150
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 4.17
FIGURE 4.17
Volume at Reversals Is Not Particularly Helpful
As shown in the right-hand chart in Figure 4.17, the 5 minute SPY had an exhaustive
sell climax at bar 3 and a two-bar reversal at bar 4 that was followed by a strong
rally above the moving average.
The chart on the left is a 1 minute chart showing a volume divergence at the
low, which is common. The volume at the bar 4 low was less than the volume at the
earlier bar 3 low, even though bar 4 was at a lower price. There probably was a tick
divergence and divergences on many oscillators as well, but experienced traders
do not have to look at anything beyond the 5 minute chart to know that.
Traditional technical analysis teaches that the volume on the bull reversal
should be greater than on the ﬁnal bear bar. Here, on the 5 minute chart, the volume
on the bar 4 bull reversal bar was less than that of the two prior bear trend bars.
Does that make the reversal less reliable? Not at all. However, it might have been
enough to make a trader not buy the bottom. I don’t want the distraction and do
not look at volume or any indicators when I am trading, because the chart tells me
all that I need to know. Incidentally, bar 2 had much larger volume than the bar 4
low, but resulted in a failed reversal that ended with a double top bear ﬂag.
The big tail on the bottom of bar 3 was a sign that buyers were coming in; the
market usually only falls for another bar or two before trying to correct. Bar 4 was
a strong two-bar reversal and a micro double bottom with the bar 3 low. Bar 3 was
a type of ﬁnal ﬂag, and was probably a ﬁnal ﬂag on a smaller time frame chart.

C H A P T E R 5
Wedges and
Other Three-Push
Reversal Patterns
W
hen the market makes three pushes in one direction and then creates a re-
versal setup that triggers the reversal trade, the ﬁrst target is the beginning
of the pattern, and the next is a measured move based on the height of the
pattern. For example, if there is a wedge top where the third push up ends with a
strong bear reversal bar, and the next bar trades below the reversal bar, the ﬁrst
target is a test of the bottom of the wedge (the bottom of the pullback from the ﬁrst
push up), and the next is a measured move down, based on the height from the bot-
tom to the top of the wedge. All three push patterns are manifestations of the same
underlying market behavior, regardless of the shape that the pattern takes. It does
not matter if it is a wedge, a micro wedge, a parabolic wedge, a wedge with a fourth
push, a wedge pullback in a trend or a trading range, a wedge trend reversal pattern,
another type of triangle (including an expanding triangle), a triple top or bottom,
a double top or bottom pullback, a head and shoulders top or bottom, or a failed
breakout below a double top or above a double bottom. At some point, the trend
traders give up trying for a strong breakout, and the reversal traders gain control of
the market. A third consecutive reversal is usually enough for that to happen.
Three-push patterns often contain large trend bars and create consecutive cli-
maxes. If the pushes are strong one- to three-bar spikes, traders will see them as
climaxes. For example, if there is a strong bear spike, and a pullback, and then
another strong bear spike, traders will wonder if the pullback is the ﬁnal ﬂag in
the bear trend and if the consecutive sell climaxes will be followed by a bigger
pullback. If there is only a small pullback from the second push down instead of
a 10-bar rally, and then there is a third strong bear spike, traders will see this as
three consecutive sell climaxes. They know that the odds are 60 percent or better
151

152
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
that the market will try to have a more complex correction, like two legs up, that
lasts for about 10 or more bars. So, if the pattern has a good signal bar, reasonable
shape, adequate buying pressure, and is not a tight bear channel, they will consider
buying the reversal up from the third push down.
Wedges can be pullbacks or reversals. Wedge pullbacks are discussed in Chap-
ters 18 and 19 in the second book. When they are pullbacks in trends, they are
with-trend setups and it is reasonable to enter on the ﬁrst signal. A wedge reversal
is an attempt to reverse a trend and it is therefore a countertrend setup. In general,
it is better to wait for a second signal when trading countertrend. For example, if
there is a wedge bottom in a bear trend, buy above the signal bar only if the pat-
tern is exceptionally strong. It is usually better to wait to see if the market has a
strong bull breakout and then look to buy a pullback, which can be a higher low or
even a lower low. If the bull breakout goes straight up for several bars without a
pullback, then traders should trade it like any other breakout, as discussed in the
second book. Another difference between wedge pullbacks and reversals is their
direction. A wedge bull ﬂag points down, whereas a wedge reversal at the top of
a bull trend points up. A wedge pullback in a bear trend points up, but a wedge
bottom in a bear trend points down. Also, wedge ﬂags are usually smaller patterns,
and most last about 10 to 20 bars. Since they are with-trend setups, they don’t have
to be perfect, and many are subtle and look nothing like a wedge, but have three
pullbacks. A reversal usually needs to be at least 20 bars long and have a clear trend
channel line to be strong enough to reverse a trend.
Trends often end with a test of the extreme, and the test often has two legs,
each reaching a greater extreme (a two-legged higher high in a bull trend or lower
low in a bear trend). The ﬁrst extreme and then those two legs make three pushes,
which is a well-recognized reversal setup with many names. Sometimes it takes
a wedge shape (an ascending triangle in a bull trend or a descending triangle in
a bear trend), but usually it does not. It is not useful for a trader to draw subtle
distinctions among the variations because there are enough similarities that they
trade the same. For simplicity, think of these three-push patterns as wedges since
most of them end in a climactic wedgelike point. Remember, a wedge is simply
a trend channel where there are three pushes and often the trend line and trend
channel lines converge. A trend line and trend channel line in a three-push pattern
can be parallel like a stairs pattern, convergent like a wedge, or divergent like an
expanding triangle. It does not matter because they all behave similarly and you
trade them the same. They are all climaxes and frequently have a parabolic shape,
which at times can be subtle. For example, if there is a bull wedge and the slope of
the trend channel line drawn across the tops of the second and third legs is steeper
than the line drawn across the highs of the ﬁrst two legs, the wedge is parabolic.
This is climactic behavior (discussed in the last chapter), and if the market reverses
down, it will usually do so in about two legs and 10 bars.

WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
153
When a channel has a wedge shape, it is due to urgency (and if it has a parabolic
wedge shape, it is due to extreme urgency), and often leads to a climactic reversal.
For example, in a wedge top, the slope of the trend line is greater than the slope of
the trend channel line. The trend line is where the with-trend traders enter and the
countertrend traders exit, and the opposite happens at the trend channel line. So if
the slope of the trend line is greater, that means that the bulls are buying on smaller
pullbacks and the bears are exiting on smaller sell-offs. What ﬁrst distinguishes a
wedge from a channel where the lines are parallel is the second pullback. Once
the second push up has begun to reverse down, traders can draw a trend channel
line and then use it to create a parallel line. When they drag that parallel line to
the bottom of the ﬁrst pullback, they have created a trend line and a trend channel.
That tells bulls and bears where support is, and bulls will look to buy there and
bears will look to take proﬁts there. However, if the bulls begin to buy above that
level and the bears exit their shorts early, the market will turn back up before it
reaches the trend line. Both are doing so because they feel a sense of urgency and
are afraid that the market will not drop down to that support level. This means that
both feel that the trend line needs to be steeper and that the trend up is stronger.
Once the market turns up, traders then redraw the trend line. Instead of using
the parallel of the trend channel line, they now can draw a trend line using the
bottoms of the ﬁrst two pullbacks. They now see that it is steeper than the trend
channel line above and they begin to believe that the market is forming a wedge,
which they know is often a reversal pattern. Traders will draw a parallel of that
new steeper trend line and drag it to the top of the second push up, in case the
market is forming a steeper parallel channel instead of a wedge. Both the bulls and
the bears will watch to see whether the original trend channel line will contain
the rally or the new, steeper one will be reached. If the original one contains the
rally and the market turns down, traders will think that although there was more
urgency in the buying on the second pullback, that urgency did not continue on
the third push up. The bulls took proﬁts at the original, shallower trend channel
line, which means that they exited earlier than they could have. The bulls were
hoping that the market would rally to the steeper trend channel line, but are now
disappointed. The bears were so eager to short that, afraid that the market would
not reach the steeper, higher trend channel line, they began to short at the original
line. Now it is the bears who have a sense of urgency and the bulls who are afraid.
Traders will see the turndown from the wedge top and sell, and most will wait for
at least two legs down before they look for the next major signal up or down.
Once the market makes its ﬁrst leg down, it will break below the wedge. At
some point, the bears will take proﬁts and the bulls will buy again. The bulls want to
cause the wedge top to fail. When the market rallies to test the wedge top, the bears
will begin to sell again. If the bulls begin to take proﬁts, they believe that they will
be unable to push the market above the old high. Once their proﬁt taking combined

154
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
with the new selling by the bears reaches a critical mass, it will overwhelm the
remaining buyers, and the market will turn down for that second leg. At some point,
the bulls will return and the bears will take proﬁts, and both sides will see the two-
legged pullback and wonder if the bull trend will resume. At this point, the wedge
has played itself out and the market will be looking for the next pattern.
Markets often reverse after a test of the trend’s extreme. For example, when a
bull trend is at its strongest, bulls will buy above the prior high since they believe
that there will be a successful breakout and another leg up. However, as the bull
trend weakens and gets more two-sided trading, the strong bulls will see a new high
as a place to take proﬁts instead of a good location for more longs, and they will
buy only on a pullback. As selling pressure builds, strong bears will dominate at
the next new high and will try to turn this higher high into the top of the rally. If
they are able to push the market down in a strong bear spike, traders will watch the
following rally carefully to see if it reverses down once it gets back up to around
the old high. The reversal might come at a lower high, a double top, or a higher
high. Most will buy back their shorts if the market rallies to just above their short
entry price or above that higher high. However, they are aware of the possibility of
a wedge top, and if the breakout above the second high does not look too strong,
they will look to short again.
When the up and down swings are especially sharp and when the ﬁrst or second
push down doesn’t clearly break below a major bull trend line or hold below the
moving average, the bears will see the reversal down as weak. However, those two
pushes down represent selling pressure, and they tell everyone that the bears might
be able to take control of the market. The bears know that the market might need
a third push up to exhaust itself. However, they saw that they were able to turn
the market down at the new high on the second push up and they believe that they
might be able to do it again. The bulls took proﬁts above the ﬁrst high and will likely
be quicker to take proﬁts as the market goes above the second high. If the bull trend
was very strong, the bulls would have bought more on a breakout above the ﬁrst
high. When traders instead see the market sell off, they know that the strong bulls
are taking proﬁts instead of buying the breakout, and this tells them that the strong
bulls do not believe that the market is going up without more of a pullback.
Both the bulls and the bears know that markets often reverse after a third push
up, and they will need a strong breakout well beyond the second high for them to
believe that the market is not topping. They view the second high as a large low 2
short setup. If the low 2 fails and the breakout above the low 2 top is strong, the
market will likely have at least two more legs up. If it is not strong, the market will
probably form a wedge top. The breakout above the second high is often sharp,
but it will reverse down quickly if the bulls and the bears think that it is forming a
top instead of a new breakout. The sharp poke above the second top might be due
more to short covering than to aggressive buying by the strong bulls, and if there

WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
155
is not immediate follow-through, traders will assume that the strong bulls will buy
only a deep pullback. If the strong bulls are stepping aside, then the bears will have
the conﬁdence to short aggressively. If they can push the market down far and fast
enough, the bulls might wait for a more protracted sell-off before looking to buy.
This can create a sell vacuum where the market falls quickly until it reaches a price
at which traders are willing to buy again (the bulls initiating new longs and the
bears taking proﬁts). If the bulls take proﬁts on their new longs on a rally that stalls
below the top of the wedge, the market will form a lower high and it will likely fall
for at least a second push down. The strong bears will be shorting more at the lower
high, exactly where the strong bulls are covering their longs. It will always be at a
resistance area where there is a conﬂuence of reasons to sell.
These fast reversals that quickly cover a lot of points represent the urgency
that everyone is feeling, and this often makes it difﬁcult for traders to make their
trading decisions fast enough to get the best entry. However, if traders understand
what the market is doing, they can often get short very early in the reversal down.
The move down is often fast and they can move their stops to breakeven after the
ﬁrst strong leg down and the subsequent lower high.
The majority of three-push patterns reverse after overshooting a trend channel
line and that alone can be a reason to enter, even if the actual shape is not a wedge.
However, the three pushes are often easier to see than is the trend channel line
overshoot, and that makes the distinction from other trend channel line failures
worthwhile. These patterns rarely have a perfect shape, and often trend lines and
trend channel lines have to be manipulated to highlight the pattern. For example,
the wedge might be only with the candle bodies, so to draw the trend line and trend
channel line in a way to highlight the wedge shape, you have to ignore the tails.
Other times, the end point of the wedge won’t reach the trend channel line. Be
ﬂexible and if there is a three-push pattern at the end of a big move, even if the
pattern is not perfect, trade it as if it is a wedge. However, if it overshoots the trend
channel line, the odds of success with the countertrend trade are higher. Also, most
trend channel line overshoots have a wedge shape, but it is often so stretched out
that it is not worth looking at it. The reversal from the overshoot can be reason
enough to enter if the pattern is strong.
It is important to remember that a wedge reversal is a countertrend setup. It is
therefore usually better to wait for a second entry, like a lower high (less often, a
higher high breakout pullback short setup) after a wedge top or a higher low (less
often, a lower low) after a wedge bottom. This is unlike trading wedge pullbacks
where you are entering in the direction of the larger trend. Then, entering on the
ﬁrst signal is a reliable approach. In general, if you are trading a wedge reversal and
it is not as strong as you would like, it is better to wait for a second signal before
taking the trade. If the initial breakout is strong, entering on the pullback has a
higher chance of success. If there is a wedge reversal in a trading range, it may look

156
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
and act more like a wedge pullback because there is no trend to reverse. When that
is the case, taking the ﬁrst signal is usually a proﬁtable approach.
If a wedge triggers an entry, but then it fails and the market extends one or
more ticks beyond the wedge extreme, it will often run quickly to a measured move
based on the height of the wedge. Sometimes, just after failing, it reverses back and
creates a second attempt at reversing the trend; when this happens, the new trend
is usually protracted (lasting at least 10 bars) and it usually has at least two legs.
The new extreme can be thought of as a breakout pullback. For example, if there is
a wedge top that begins to reverse down and the downside breakout fails and then
the bull trend resumes and reverses down again at a new high, that new high is a
higher high pullback from the initial break below the wedge.
When the wedge reversal fails and the market reaches a new extreme, watch
to see if the market reverses on this fourth push. Sometimes what appears to be
a fourth push is really just a third push in the eyes of most traders. If, after the
pullback from the ﬁrst push, the market creates an especially strong second push,
many traders will reset the count and consider it to be the new ﬁrst push. The
result is that many traders won’t look for a reversal after the third push and instead
will wait for the fourth push before looking for a reversal trade. In hindsight, the
decision about whether most traders reset the count is clear, but when you are
trading, you cannot always be certain. The stronger the momentum is on the second
push, the more likely it is that the market will have reset the count and the more
likely it is that there will be a fourth push.
After the ﬁrst leg of any new trend, the test of the old extreme sometimes as-
sumes a wedge shape, and the wedge pullback from that ﬁrst leg of the new trend
may or may not exceed the extreme of the old trend. In either case, a trader should
be looking to enter in the possible new trend as the wedge pullback reverses back
in the direction of the new trend (for example, in a new bull trend, the wedge pull-
back can be a higher low or a lower low).
When there is a trend in the ﬁrst hour, the market often has a trading range
that lasts for several hours, followed by a resumption of the trend into the close.
That trading range will often have three pushes, but usually not a wedge shape. For
example, in a trend-resumption bear trend day, the trading range might be a bear
channel that slopes up slightly, and it might have three pushes but not a wedge
shape. It does not matter whether you call it a low 3 short setup or a wedge, but
it is important to be aware that the day might have a bear trend resumption into
the close and that this three-push, low-momentum rally might be the setup for the
short. View this as a type of wedge because it has three pushes, there is often a
trend channel line overshoot, it sometimes has the shape of a wedge, and it has the
same behavior as a wedge. Remember, if you see everything in shades of gray, you
will be a much better trader.

WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
157
When there are three or more pushes and each breakout is smaller, then this
is a shrinking stairs pattern in addition to being a wedge. For example, if there
are three pushes up in a bull trend and the second push was 10 ticks above the
ﬁrst and the third was only seven ticks above the second, then this is a shrinking
stairs pattern. It is a sign of waning momentum and increases the odds that there
will be a two-legged reversal. The bulls are taking proﬁts sooner and the bears are
shorting at less of a breakout than last time because they believe the market might
not break out as much this time. Sometimes there will be a fourth or ﬁfth step in a
strong trend, but since the momentum is waning, countertrend trades can usually
be taken. In contrast, if the third step is signiﬁcantly beyond the second and then
reverses, this is likely to become a trend channel line overshoot and reversal setup.
A wedge top fails if, after triggering the entry, the breakout fails to go far and
the trend resumes and goes beyond the wedge. For example, if there is a wedge top
and the market falls below the signal bar and triggers a short entry, but this is soon
followed by a rally that goes above the top of the wedge, then the wedge has failed.
When traders are unclear about whether the second push up was strong enough
to reset the count, they will watch to see if the breakout is actually the third push
of the wedge that began with that second push. When a wedge is very clear and
traders were expecting the top to hold, many traders will reverse to long on a stop
above the top of the wedge. When a wedge top succeeds, the ﬁrst target is a test of
the bottom of the wedge, and the next target is a measured move down from there.
When a wedge top fails, the ﬁrst target is a measured move up, again using the
height of the wedge. Remember, a wedge is an area of two-sided trading, so it acts
like a trading range and therefore sets up a breakout mode situation. Whether the
breakout is above or below, the target is a measured move equal to about the height
of the wedge. As with any breakout, it could fail. For example, if the wedge top
triggers, but the market quickly reverses back up and breaks out above the wedge
top, the wedge has failed. However, the bull breakout should be viewed like any
other breakout. If it is strong, it is likely to be followed by a measured move up. If
it is weak, it will likely fail and the market will reverse back down. If that happens,
the bull breakout above the wedge becomes simply a higher high pullback from the
original breakout below the wedge.
In the Emini, if there is a wedge top and then a brief sell-off, the pullback often
tests the top of the wedge to the exact tick, forming a perfect double top. If the
market reverses back down, this is a second-entry short opportunity. In the SPY
and in many stocks, the pullback will sometimes go above the wedge by a few ticks
and traders will not see this as a failure. However, if it races above the wedge by
many ticks, this is a sign that traders are buying aggressively and they are looking
for a strong leg up and no longer looking for a top. When this is happening, look to
buy quickly to catch this fast breakout. Most wedge tops that fail are very steep and

158
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
tight and occur in strong bull trends. When a bull trend is strong, it will always be
forming trend channel line overshoots and three-push patterns, but the pullbacks
between the pushes are small and the pushes are very strong. It is a mistake to be
looking for reversals in strong trends, because most reversal attempts fail. Instead
of seeing everything as a possible wedge top, look to buy the pullback from each
new high. Also, wedge tops in strong bull trends often correct in two sideways legs
to the moving average, setting up a high 2 buy. This is a reliable entry. A wedge that
corrects sideways is a sign that the trend is very strong. The opposite is true for
wedge bottoms. As with any breakout, the breakout could fail. For example, if the
wedge top triggers, but the market quickly reverses back up and breaks out above
the wedge top, the wedge has failed. However, the bull breakout should be viewed
like any other breakout. If it is strong, it is likely to be followed by a measured
move up. If it is weak, it will likely fail and the market will reverse back down.
If that happens, the bull breakout above the wedge becomes simply a higher high
pullback from the original breakout below the wedge.
Wedges most often fail when traders are overly eager to enter countertrend, do
not wait for a clear trend line break and countertrend strength, and fade the ﬁrst
small three-push pattern that appears. Three pushes alone, especially when small,
will rarely reverse a trend in the absence of a prior trend line break or a major
trend channel overshoot and reversal. If the channel is tight, even if it has a wedge
shape, it is almost always better not to enter on the reversal. Instead, wait for the
reversal and see how strong the breakout is. If it is strong, trade it like any other
breakout. It is usually best to enter on a breakout pullback, but when the spike is
very strong, traders will enter on the closes of the bars and at the market. If the
breakout is weak, traders assume that it will fail and they look for the channel to
continue. They will then enter in the direction of the wedge channel and not in the
countertrend direction. For example, if there is a wedge bottom in a bear trend
but the upside breakout is weak, traders will look to short the low 1 or low 2 that
is created by the failed upside breakout. These smart traders will enter where the
countertrend traders will be taking their losses.
Wedges are often opening reversal patterns. Opening reversals can follow very
strong moves in the ﬁrst hour or so, and sometimes there will be a very steep wedge
with only slight pauses after the ﬁrst two pushes, yet the market will abruptly re-
verse and trend for the rest of the day. The ﬁrst pause might be a small ﬁnal ﬂag, and
then there is an even smaller ﬁnal ﬂag after the second push. Although you should
never look for a reversal from such a steep, tight wedge after the ﬁrst hour or two,
they can be reliable opening reversal setups.
A micro wedge is a wedge that is formed by three consecutive bars or three out
of four or ﬁve consecutive bars. Since the pattern is so small, it usually results in
only a minor correction. Usually the bars have tails and a micro trend channel line
can be drawn across those tails, and there usually is a clear wedge on a smaller time

WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
159
frame like a 1 minute chart. For example, if the market is selling off and has a bear
trend bar with a moderate tail on the bottom, and this is followed by another bear
trend bar with a slightly lower low and an obvious tail on the bottom, and then by
a third bar with a lower low and a tail, this is a micro wedge reversal pattern. If the
bear trend is strong, you should not buy above the high of the third bar, because
it will likely lead to a loss. If the micro wedge forms in a trading range day near
the bottom of the range and the third bar is a bull reversal bar, this might be a
reasonable setup for a buy scalp.
There is a special type of wedge that is really just a three-push pattern and
usually does not have a wedge shape, but it is important because it is a reliable
breakout setup. If the market is in a trading range and then has a one-tick breakout
beyond a minor swing high or low that reverses for maybe three to 20 bars, and then
the market again has another one-tick or sometimes a two-tick breakout that once
again pulls back, those three pushes set up the pattern. If the market then breaks
again beyond that second minor breakout, it usually leads to a signiﬁcant breakout
and an approximate measured move equal to the height of the pattern. It is as if
the three pushes constitute a wedge, and then, instead of leading to a reversal, the
wedge failed. As is the case with all failed wedges, the market typically breaks out
and runs for about the same number of points as there are from the bottom to the
top of the wedge. Sometimes the market breaks out after only going beyond a single
one-tick failure.
A related pattern is a failed double top or bottom breakout. For example, if
there is a double top and then the market breaks above the double top but reverses
back down within a few bars, this can function like a wedge top (a wedge is a type
of triangle, and some traders would call it a triangle). The ﬁrst two pushes up are
the highs of the double top, and the third push up is the breakout above the double
top. If the market reverses down, it will usually go far enough for at least a scalp. A
double top is a trading range, and the failed breakout is just a failed breakout of a
trading range that is usually followed by just more sideways trading. It usually falls
enough for at least a scalp, but sometimes it will be followed by a quick breakout
of the opposite side of the trading range and a measured move down based on the
height of the trading range. In this case, the bulls who bought the breakout and were
stopped out on the reversal will look to buy again only after a substantial pullback.

160
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.1
FIGURE 5.1
Wedge Top
As shown in Figure 5.1, the 60 minute Emini had a wedge reversal top and then a
smaller wedge pullback to a lower high or double top, followed by two legs down
to bar 20.
A wedge does not have to have a perfect shape to be effective. For example,
the trend channel line is a best ﬁt line from the bar 6 high to the bar 10 high, and
the bar 8 second push up is above the line. After the market reversed down from
bar 10 to bar 12, it formed a wedge bear ﬂag that also had an imperfect shape. The
three pushes up were the high of bar 11 on the open of the day and then bars 13
and 14. The high was slightly below the bar 10 high. It does not matter if you call this
a double top or a lower high. What matters is that you see the large three pushes up
and then the reversal down.
This is also a spike and channel bull trend where there was a sharp spike up to
bar 4 and then a steep channel to bar 6. The move from the bar 3 low to bar 6 was in
such a tight channel that it became a large spike. The bar 7 pullback that led to the
channel was tested by the bar 20 sell-off. The bull channel had three pushes and a
wedge shape, which is common in spike and channel patterns.

Figure 5.2
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
161
FIGURE 5.2
First-Hour Wedge
If a three-push move is too steep, it is usually not a good reversal pattern except
sometimes in the ﬁrst hour when it can create an opening reversal. As shown in
Figure 5.2, the market rallied strongly from bar 11 to bar 12 in three pushes, and
although this was a steep channel, it was an acceptable parabolic wedge opening
reversal. Bar 12 broke above the bar 8 and bar 10 double top and was followed by
a bear inside bar. Bar 12 was both a failed breakout of the double top and a double
top with either of those bars. The rally was to a price level where sellers came
in several times yesterday, and it was reasonable to think they might return again
today around the top of the trading range from yesterday.
In trading range markets, fading breakouts is a good strategy. For the shorts,
enter on a stop at one tick below the failure bar near the top of the range, and for
longs, buy on a stop at one tick above the failed breakout bar near the low of the
range. Breaking out beyond any swing high or low, even if it was part of an earlier
and opposite trend, is a sign of strength and a potential trade setup. There were
many examples of failed breakouts and reversals over these two days, including
failed trend line and failed trend channel line breakouts.
Bars 2, 3, and 6 also represent a shrinking stairs pattern, which often leads to
a good reversal. You could also call it a wedge, because of the three pushes up
(bars 2 and 3 were the ﬁrst two, and it was also the third push up from bar 4).

162
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.2
With shrinking stairs, the second breakout is smaller than the ﬁrst, indicating loss
of momentum. Here, bar 3 was 19 cents above bar 2, but bar 6 was only 12 cents
above bar 3. Whenever shrinking stairs are present, the trade becomes more likely
to be successful and usually signals an imminent two-legged pullback in a strong
trend.
Bars 4 and 7 formed a double bottom, and bar 9 was a failed breakout below
that double bottom. Bars 4 and 7 were two pushes down, and bar 9 was a third push
down and therefore a reversal up, which is a variant of a wedge bottom.

Figure 5.3
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
163
FIGURE 5.3
Shrinking Stairs
As shown in Figure 5.3, shrinking stairs, with each breakout extending less than
the prior one, signal waning momentum and increase the odds that a proﬁtable
countertrend trade is near. After the bar 4 step, the move to bar 5 broke the trend
line, setting the stage for a test of the low and a likely two-legged rally (which
occurred after the bar 6 lower low and two-bar reversal). The loss of momentum is
a sign that the trend is weakening and becoming more two-sided, which increases
the chances that it will transition into a trading range, as it did here.
Bars 3 to 5 formed a small wedge bear ﬂag. The ﬁrst push up was followed
by the bar 4 lower low, which is a common wedge variant. The move up to bar 5
had the other two small pushes. Bar 4 was a successful ﬁnal ﬂag scalp, and the
pattern grew into the larger ﬁnal ﬂag that ended at bar 5 (a wedge), which is a
frequent occurrence.
When there is a strong breakout after the pullback from the ﬁrst push down, it
is unclear whether there will be only two more pushes or the momentum is strong
enough to restart the count. For example, is bar 3 the third push down, or should
you have restarted the count on the strong move down to bar 2? In hindsight, the
answer is clear, but when you are trading, you cannot be certain. The stronger the
downward momentum is, the more likely it is that the most traders will reset the
count and the more likely it is that there will be a fourth push. That fourth push

164
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.3
down to bar 4 was really just the third push down in the wedge bottom that began
with the spike down to bar 2.
Once bar 6 fell below the bar 4 bottom of the wedge, the wedge bottom failed.
Bar 6 should be viewed like any other breakout. It was immediately followed by a
bull reversal bar, setting up a two-bar reversal and a failed breakout. Some traders
saw this buy setup as a lower low major trend reversal, while others saw it as a
lower low pullback from the breakout above the bar 4 wedge bottom. It is also
a shrinking stairs buy setup and a failed breakout below a trading range. Finally,
it is a small ﬁnal ﬂag reversal (there was a two-bar bear ﬂag before bar 6). All of
these are reasonable reasons for traders to consider buying above the bull bar that
followed bar 6.

Figure 5.4
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
165
FIGURE 5.4
Wedge Lower High
The daily SPY topped in March 2000 and then there was a three-push rally to the
bar 8 lower high, as shown in Figure 5.4. Bar 8 also formed a double top bear ﬂag
with bar 2 (it slightly exceeded the bar 2 high). Bar 8 did not quite reach the dashed
bear trend channel line. This wedge bear ﬂag was followed by a huge bull trend. At
the time that it formed, it was unclear whether a trend reversal was taking place,
but following the three pushes up to bar 1, the market was likely to have at least
two pushes down. The move down to bar 3 was the ﬁrst, and the rally to bar 8
was therefore the pullback, setting up the sell-off to at least one more leg down.
Although most trading ranges after bull trends are simply bull ﬂags on higher time
frame charts, most trend reversals come from trading ranges. The market usually
has to transition into a two-sided market before it changes direction. As the market
began to fall from bar 8, it was more likely to ﬁnd support around the bar 3 low at
the bottom of the developing trading range. However, the leg to below bar 3 was so
steep that it was clear that there were not many buyers and that the market had to
go lower to ﬁnd traders willing to buy. Strong bulls did not appear until the double
bottom pullback and higher low major trend reversal in early 2003.

166
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.5
FIGURE 5.5
Wedge Lower High in the Dow
A wedge bear ﬂag lower high in the daily Dow Jones Industrial Average following
the break below the bull trend line led to the 1987 crash, as shown in Figure 5.5.
The move down to bar 6 was strong and broke well below the trend line and the
moving average. Some traders saw the ﬁrst push up of the wedge bear ﬂag as the
rally after bar 5, and the second and third pushes up as any two of the three pushes
up to bar 7. Others saw bar 7 as a two-legged lower high major trend reversal and
therefore a low 2 short setup, with the ﬁrst leg up being the rally after bar 5. Still
others saw the three small pushes up to bar 7 as a small channel that followed the
small spike up from bar 6. Most traders saw all of these factors and attached a
different signiﬁcance to each.
Bar 1 was the ﬁrst push down of a wedge bull ﬂag. There were two more pushes
down and then a small breakout, and this was followed by a higher low breakout
pullback to bar 3. Some traders saw bar 3 as a double bottom bull ﬂag with the
bottom of the wedge bull ﬂag. Many wedge bull ﬂags are head and shoulders tops
that fail, as was the case here.
The rally up before the bar 1 sell-off had four pushes up and was an example of
how three pushes alone do not provide a reversal setup. When the three pushes are
in a tight bull channel, it is more likely that there will be a fourth or ﬁfth push up
than a reversal. The channel up to bar 4 had three pushes in the ﬁnal segment and

Figure 5.5
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
167
again was in a tight bull channel. When the channel is tight, bears should not short
the reversal down from the third push up. They should wait to see how strong the
bear breakout is.
Bar 1 was a strong bear spike, and many traders then shorted the higher high
at bar 2, which they saw as a higher high pullback from the bear breakout down to
bar 1. Bar 1 broke the bull trend line, so traders were looking to short a higher high
or lower high test of the bull high.
The bar 5 breakout of the bull channel was strong enough to clearly break the
bull trend line, so traders were looking to short the breakout pullback. It was a
lower high at bar 7, which formed a double top with the small rally after bar 5. Most
trading ranges in bull trends become bull ﬂags and are just pullbacks on higher
time frame charts. Although the market did not have to reverse up from bar 3, that
was the most likely outcome, since bar 3 was at the bottom of a trading range in
a bull trend. The market could have continued to fall from the lower high major
trend reversal that formed after bar 2 (there was a double top bear ﬂag and lower
high), but most major trend reversals are followed by trading ranges and not actual
reversals into opposite trends. This entire setup was similar to that at bar 7, which
was followed by a big bear trend.

168
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.6
FIGURE 5.6
Reversal Just Shy of Trend Channel Line
When there is urgency on the part of the bears, they will short aggressively just
below the trend channel line. They are afraid that the market will not get above the
line and they don’t want to risk missing the sell-off. In Figure 5.6, bars 3, 4, and 5
formed a wedge top, but bar 5 did not overshoot the trend channel line. Because
this was a wedge reversal setup, it was better to wait for a second signal, like a
lower high. Bar 5 and the bar after it formed a small bear spike. Bar 6 was a second
entry on the failed high 2, and bar 6 was the start of a larger, three-bar bear spike.
After a one-bar pullback, there was a ﬁve-bar bear spike and a collapse into a strong
bear trend. Since the channel up from bar 2 had large swings and therefore had a lot
of two-sided trading, this spike and channel bull was not a strong trend. The spike
was the low of the day up to bar 1. When there is signiﬁcant trading range behav-
ior, aggressive traders could short the ﬁrst entry, which was the two-bar reversal
at bar 5. Incidentally, the bar 1 high at the top of the wedge was a micro wedge
top, and the sell-off to bar 2 was a double bottom bull ﬂag with the bottom of the
wedge, which was the start of the wedge-shaped channel. Bar 2 was also a test of
the breakout above the ﬁrst bar of the day.
Bars 7, 8, and 9 created a three-push long setup with an entry above the bar 9
bull reversal bar, even though the close was midrange. The day was clearly not
a trend day, so a weaker reversal bar was reasonable. This pattern had diverging

Figure 5.6
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
169
lines, although it was not an expanding triangle since the high after bar 8 was below
the high after bar 7. Bar 9 did not overshoot the trend channel line, but it was still
a good long setup on a trading range day. If you were concerned that it was risky
after the strong sell-off down to bar 7, you could have waited for a higher low before
going long. The outside up bar three bars later was a higher low, but when entering
on outside bars, you have to be fast because they often reverse up quickly.
The bar before bar 9 was a big bear trend bar and therefore a breakout at-
tempt. However, there was no follow-through selling on the next bar. Instead, it
was a small bull bar and therefore a buy setup for a failed breakout. Even though it
fell below the bar 8 low, the rally that preceded it had ﬁve or six consecutive bull
bodies and therefore was a reasonably strong bull breakout attempt. The sell-off
was simply a brief, sharp pullback from that bull breakout. A breakout pullback
sometimes forms a lower low, as it did here. Never be frightened by a single big
bear trend bar. Always view every trend bar as a breakout, and realize that most
breakout attempts fail.

170
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.7
FIGURE 5.7
Parabolic Wedge
As shown in Figure 5.7, the Emini reversed down from the bar 5 higher high and
formed a trading range, but the market broke out strongly from the range and above
the line B top of the bull channel. Remember, every reversal is simply a failed break-
out of something. It then reversed down at bar 9, which was the third push up. The
slope of the wedge increased and was therefore parabolic (the slope of the trend
channel line from bar 5 to bar 9 was steeper than the slope of the line from bar 3 to
bar 5). As with any wedge top, two pushes down was likely.
The strong rally to bar 9 broke above the bull channel (dashed line), but then
reversed back into the channel on the sell-off to bar 10. Whenever there is a break-
out above a bull channel and then a strong reversal back into the channel, there
is about a 50 percent chance that the bear swing will continue and break below
the bottom of the bull channel, as it did here. When a breakout is going to fail, it
usually does so within about ﬁve bars of breaking above the channel, as it did here.
The bears bought back their shorts and aggressive bulls went long around bar 16,
which formed a double bottom with the bar 6 low of the day, and was the ﬁrst
reversal after reaching the target (a poke below the channel).
The bar before bar 8 had a smaller body than the bar before it, which meant that
the momentum was waning. Bar 8 had a big body. What did this mean? Bar 8 was
an attempt to accelerate the trend again after a pause. Many traders interpreted the
large size of bar 8 as indicating climactic behavior, with the pause perhaps being the

Figure 5.7
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
171
ﬁnal ﬂag in the rally, before a two-legged pullback. Traders sold the close of bar 8,
above its high, and especially the close of the bar 9 and below its low, because the
bear close indicated that the sellers were getting strong. Bulls sold to take proﬁts on
their longs and some bears shorted for a scalp, expecting a relatively large (maybe
ﬁve to 10 bars) pullback after the small buy climax (the small ﬁnal ﬂag). Other bears
shorted for a swing down, based on the parabolic wedge.
Bar 16 was the bottom of a second leg down, where bar 8 was the ﬁrst. This
would be an obvious high 2 pullback on a higher time frame chart. It was also a
double bottom test of the low of the day, which occurred at bar 6. The bears were
hoping for a reversal day, but the bulls came in and overwhelmed the bears. The
rally into the close tested the top of the very strong bull spike that ended at bar 9.
Although the rally was not strong and the sell-off to bar 8 was deep, the day was a
bull trend day on the daily chart.

172
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.8
FIGURE 5.8
Bull and Bear Parabolic Wedges
As shown in Figure 5.8, the chart on the left was in a trading range and triggered
a low 2 short below bar 4. Most traders would not have shorted this weak setup,
because bar 4 was a doji bar and it followed six consecutive bars without a bear
body. Bar 6 formed a high 2 buy setup (also a breakout pullback buy setup from
the high 1 and failed low 2 that followed bar 5), which led to a strong bull breakout.
A rally always reaches some resistance area, like a measured move or a trend line,
where traders will take partial or full proﬁts, and aggressive bears will short for a
scalp down. This rally overshot a measured move target by a couple of ticks, but
there were probably other targets in the area as well. Both the bulls and the bears
expected only a pullback, and both planned to buy when the pullback ended (which
would always be at a support level, which may not be obvious). The reason moves
end at targets is that most trades are being done by computers, and their algorithms
are based on math and logic. They only buy at support and sell at resistance. These
potential levels are usually visible to experienced traders.
The trend channel line from bar 4 to bar 7 was steeper than the one from bar 2
to bar 4, which means that the move up was parabolic. The bar before bar 7 had
a big tail, which usually means that traders who bought the close of that bar were
looking for just a scalp up and then a pullback. The high of bar 7 was a second push
up. The next bar was a bear inside bar and the signal bar for the short. With that
much strength after the failed low 2 at bar 4, most traders correctly assumed that
there would be a second push up, which happens in over 60 percent of the cases.

Figure 5.8
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
173
The market pulled back for six bars in a bull ﬂag (here, a bear micro channel), but
instead of breaking out to the upside, the ﬂag broke to the downside on the bar after
bar 8. This bull ﬂag was then the ﬁnal ﬂag of the rally, and its downside breakout
was a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, even though the ﬂag never had an upside breakout. Astute
traders were aware of this possibility and shorted below the bear bar that followed
bar 7, and on the breakout below bar 8. The traders who took the ﬁrst entry knew
that it had only about a 40 percent chance of success, but they were looking for
a reversal down and a reward that was at least twice the size of their risk, and
therefore had a positive trader’s equation. The traders who shorted on the downside
breakout, either as the bar was forming or on its close, or on the close of any of
the following bars, had proof that the market was going down, and therefore their
shorts had at least a 60 percent chance of success (for them, they wanted a reward
that was at least as large as their risk). They traded off a smaller proﬁt for a higher
probability, and their trader’s equation was also positive.
The chart on the right is a parabolic wedge bottom. Bar 15 was a strong bull
reversal bar at a double bottom, and a buy setup for a reversal up from the low 2
ﬁnal ﬂag that broke out below bar 14. Bar 14 can be viewed as a second entry low 2
short, a breakout pullback from the low 2 short that triggered on the prior bar, or
as a triangle short (the three pushes up were the high of the doji that formed two
bars after bar 13, the bull inside bar that followed, and the tail at the top of bar 14).
The bears saw bar 16 as a pullback from the breakout of the bear triangle. Both
bulls and bears sold below bar 16, the bull entry bar after bar 15, and the bar 15 buy
signal bar. The bulls were exiting their longs and the bears were initiating shorts.
When bulls get stopped out of a bull reversal up from a double bottom, they often
expect a breakout and measured move, and don’t look to buy again for at least a
couple of bars. This allowed the market to fall quickly.
Bar 17 had a tail on the bottom, which alerted traders that the market might
have only one more push down before forming a pullback. It also had a close in
the middle, which made it a reversal bar, although weak. This was the ﬁrst attempt
to reverse up from a spike, which is a type of micro channel, and ﬁrst attempts to
reverse usually fail. There were more sellers above bar 17 than buyers, as expected.
Scalpers shorted the close of bar 17, hoping for one more small push down before a
pullback began. Because only a scalp down was likely, shorting the low 1 below the
next bar was risky. The market turned up in a small double bottom at bar 18 (bar 17
was the ﬁrst push down). The low of bar 18 was four ticks below the close of bar 17,
so most of those shorts from the close of that bar were trapped and bought back
their shorts above bar 18. Bar 18 had a strong bull body and most traders expected
a reversal up to around the moving average and maybe to the high of bar 15. Bar 15
was a reasonable buy signal, so some bulls scaled in lower and planned to exit their
entire position at their ﬁrst entry, which was the high of bar 15. The bulls thought
that the rally could reach the bar 16 or bar 14 highs. The bar 18 low was at one or
more support levels, although none are shown here.

174
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.8
The move down to bar 18 went beyond a reasonable measured move target,
which meant that the computers were looking at something else. Most measured
move targets do not lead to reversals, but it is still helpful to draw them, because
all reversals happen at support and resistance levels. When a reversal happens at
one of these levels, and the level is especially obvious, it is a good place for trend
traders to take proﬁts and often a reasonable place for countertrend traders to take
reversal trades. The ﬁnal low of the day was also at a support level, whether or not
it was obvious. The low of bar 21 was one tick below the earlier low of the day and
the close of bar 21 was exactly at the open of the day.
Because the move up was a climactic reversal, it had about a 60 percent chance
of having at least two legs up and lasting 10 bars. This means that it had a 40 percent
chance of not reaching those goals.
Since bar 18 was a reasonably strong buy signal, most traders entered above
its high. This left fewer traders to buy as the market went up. The tail on the top of
bar 18 and the doji bar that followed were signs that the market lacked urgency for
the bulls, which means that the buy setup was not as strong as it could have been.
When the bulls fail to create signs of strength, traders are quicker to take proﬁts.
Bar 19 reached 14 ticks above the bar 18 high and had a bear close. This means that
many bulls took proﬁts at exactly three points. Instead of ﬁnding new buyers as the
market rallied, it found proﬁt takers at the moving average, and two ticks below
the low 2 short that was triggered two bars after bar 13. The bears saw this as a
breakout test that missed the breakeven stops by one tick, and therefore a sign that
the bears were aggressively defending their stops. Although the odds still favored a
second leg up after a pullback to a higher low, most bulls exited their longs during
and below bar 19, and were only looking to buy again on a stop above the high of
a bar in the pullback. The higher low never formed and the market fell below the
bar 17 bear spike low and closed on the low of the day. The bulls did not get as
much proﬁt as they had hoped to make when they took their trade, but this often
happens and is not a surprise. Traders always have a plan when they enter a trade,
but if the premise changes, they change their plan. Many trades end up with smaller
proﬁts or losses than what traders expected when they entered. Good traders just
take what the market gives them and then move on to the next trade.
Traders were especially wary of the possibility of a sell-off into the close of the
day, because the market had a bear breakout on the daily chart two days earlier
after rallying for two years. When a market might be reversing down on the daily
chart, many traders look for a sell-off into the close (just like they look for a rally
into the close in a bull trend). This made traders unwilling to buy on limit orders
as the market traded down below bar 19. They were cautious and only wanted to
buy after a reversal bar formed. With so few traders willing to buy on limit orders
as the market was selling off into the close on a bear day, the higher low signal bar
never formed.

Figure 5.9
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
175
FIGURE 5.9
Failed Wedge
When there is a bottom setup and the market goes sideways instead of up, the
market is accepting the lower prices instead of rejecting them and therefore might
be in the middle of the move instead of at the bottom. A failed wedge often falls for
a measured move.
As shown in Figure 5.9, the market tried to form a wedge reversal, but bar 3
was the fourth consecutive bar that mostly overlapped the prior bar. This was ac-
ceptance of the lower price and not rejection, so it made a reversal up unlikely.
Also, the channel down was steep, and when this is the case, it is usually safer
to wait for a higher low before going long. The bar 3 entry bar was an outside up
bar that trapped bulls who overlooked the steepness of the bear trend channel line
and only saw the three pushes. Patient traders would not have bought this wedge,
because there was no higher low.
When a wedge fails, the move will usually be an approximate measured move
equal to the height of the wedge. Here, the move down below bar 3 was about the
same number of points as there were from the top of the wedge just after bar 1 to
the bottom at the low of bar 3.

176
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.10
FIGURE 5.10
Wedge That Is Too Tight
A wedge bottom that is in a tight channel in a bear trend and without prior bull
strength is not a buy setup. As shown in Figure 5.10, the market was in a bear
trend from the open on a gap down day. Overly eager bulls would have rationalized
buying the bar 6 wedge reversal by convincing themselves that it was the end of
a two-legged move down and there was a trend line break at bar 3. However, bar
3 was a failed trend line break and did not represent the bulls taking control of
the market with any momentum. The bar 6 wedge long entry above the inside bar
was a successful scalp, but not a setup that would likely turn into anything more.
The move down to bar 6 did not have a meaningful trend line break or upward
momentum in the middle and therefore looked more like a single leg down made
up of two smaller legs in a tight bear channel. There was likely to be a second leg
down after a break of the bear trend line. Some traders saw bar 6 as the end of a
wedge with its ﬁrst push down as bar 2, its second push down as bar 4, and the ﬁnal
push down as bar 6. It was also a ﬁve-bar-long micro wedge formed by bars 4, 5, and
6. Since a trend channel line can be drawn across the bottoms of the bars, this small
pattern can be thought of as a little wedge and therefore should have behaved like
one and should have had a correction that reached to about the start of the wedge
at the top of the bar that created the ﬁrst push down.

Figure 5.10
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
177
There was then a low 2 short at bar 8. This little rally did break a trend line,
so buyers could look for a scalp up on a failed new low, which occurred at bar 9.
However, in the absence of a strong bull reversal bar, this long was likely to fail,
which it did at the bar 10 low 2 short, and the market then broke down into the
second bear leg that ended at the bar 12 ﬁnal ﬂag one-tick false breakout. The bar 10
short was a double top with bar 8 and a 20 gap bar short setup, and it resulted in a
trend-resumption bear trend down to the low of the day.

178
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.11
FIGURE 5.11
Wedge but Tight Channel
A wedge bottom is not a buy signal when it is in a tight bear channel. As shown in
Figure 5.11, bar 9 was a bear trend channel line overshoot reversal and a third push
down (a wedge). However, it was not a strong bull signal bar because it was in a
tight bear channel, it overlapped the prior bar too much, and it had a weak close
(small bull body). There was no clear rejection of excessive selling, and you should
never buy the ﬁrst breakout attempt of a tight bear channel since most fail before
going far enough to make a scalp. At best, you should wait for a second entry before
buying. Strong traders would short at and above the high of the prior bar in a bear
channel, and they would not be looking to buy.
Bar 10 was a one-tick failure for any traders who bought the wedge. It was
the third sideways bar, so smart traders were now seeing a trading range in a bear
trend, which is usually a continuation pattern. Overlapping bars mean that the mar-
ket is accepting these lower prices, not rejecting them. You need a sign of rejection
before you buy in a bear trend. Basing a trade on a belief that the market is overdue
for a correction is a losing approach to trading. Trends can go much further than
most traders could ever imagine.
A trader could have shorted the low 1 at bar 11, but this was a trading range
and smart traders would not have shorted at its low without a stronger bull trap. It
was a second one-tick failed breakout. Also, a wedge usually makes two attempts

Figure 5.11
WEDGES AND OTHER THREE-PUSH REVERSAL PATTERNS
179
to rally (two legs up) so they would have shorted only if the wedge failed (i.e., fell
below the bar 9 low), or if the second attempt to rally failed.
Bar 12 was a third one-tick failed breakout in a row, but this time it followed
two legs up (bars 9 and 11) and was a low 2 short. This was the ﬁrst trade that
smart traders would have taken, because it was a low 2 in a bear ﬂag. What made it
especially good was that there were two failed attempts to make the wedge reverse
upward (bars 10 and 12) and both failed. These represented the two legs up from
the wedge and they were clearly weak. Also, it is very rare to have three one-tick
failures in a row, so it was likely that the next move would run.
A trader could also have waited to short below the low of bar 9, because it
was only then that the wedge deﬁnitively failed. The heavy volume on the breakout
(14,000 contracts on the 1 minute chart) conﬁrmed that many smart traders waited
until that point to short. A failed wedge bottom often falls for about a measured
move, as it did here.
To buy, you ﬁrst needed a trend line break and it was better to have a reversal
bar. Since bar 9 was a weak reversal bar and you would be more inclined to buy
after a trend channel line overshoot and reversal, you could have waited for a sec-
ond long entry. Bar 12 was a second entry, but it was a purchase at the top of a
four-bar trading range, and you should never buy above a bear ﬂag in a bear trend.
Once that weak second entry failed, the bears took control. That was the trade that
you needed to take instead of spending too much energy convincing yourself that
the long setups were adequate.
Traders would have recognized this day as a trending trading range day shortly
after the breakout from the double top at bar 2. It is usually safe to trade in both di-
rections on this type of bear trend day, but the longs are countertrend so the setups
must be strong, like at bar 3 and two bars after bar 4 (second-entry long). The move
down to bar 7 was a breakout, but instead of forming much of a third trading range,
the market formed a tight bear channel and then broke to the downside again. This
became a bear channel down from the spike down to bar 7. Other traders saw the
spike as the move from bar 2 to bar 3 and the channel as the move down from bar 5.
It does not matter as long as you recognize the day as a bear trend and work hard
to stay short.
Incidentally, the three doji bars that formed the swing low before bar 2 created
a micro wedge.

180
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 5.12
FIGURE 5.12
Successive One-Tick Breakouts
One-tick breakouts can be important, especially if there are two in succession, be-
cause that creates a three-push pattern. In Figure 5.12, bar 4 was one tick above
bar 3, and bar 5 was 1 tick above bar 4. If there was then a pullback or some side-
ways trading and then the market moved above bar 5, there would likely have been
an upside breakout and the micro wedge would have failed to reverse the market.
Bar 2 was a couple of ticks below bar 1, and bar 6 was one tick below bar 2.
After several more bars, bar 7 fell below the bar 6 low and led to a downside break-
out. When the market breaks out of these micro three-push patterns, there is usually
at least a measured move, using the top to the bottom of the trading range for the
measurement. Here, the breakout went much further.
Bar 8 was a micro wedge bottom, setting up a one-bar bear ﬂag. It was a sign
that the market was pausing; it was not a reversal pattern in a strong bear trend.

C H A P T E R 6
Expanding
Triangles
A
n expanding triangle can be either a reversal or a continuation pattern and
is made of at least ﬁve swings (sometimes seven, and rarely nine), each one
greater than the prior one. Part of its strength comes from its trapping traders
on each new breakout. Since it is a triangle, it is a trading range, and most break-
out attempts in a trading range fail. This tendency results in the expanding trian-
gle. In a bullish reversal (an expanding triangle bottom), it has enough strength to
rally above the last higher high, trapping longs in; it then collapses to a third low,
trapping longs out and bears in on the lower low, and then reverses up, forcing
both sides to chase the market up. The new low is the third push down and can be
thought of as a type of three-push pattern, and it can also be thought of as a break-
out pullback—the market broke above the last swing high and then pulled back to
a lower low. In a bear reversal (an expanding triangle top), it does the opposite.
Bears are trapped in by a lower low then are forced out, and bulls get trapped in by
a higher high, and both then have to chase the market as it reverses down for the
ﬁnal time. The initial target is a breakout beyond the opposite side of the triangle,
where the market often tries to reverse again. If it succeeds, then the reversal fails,
and the pattern becomes a continuation pattern in the original trend.
For example, if there is an expanding triangle top (a reversal pattern) in a bull
trend, the ﬁrst objective is a breakout below the pattern; in most cases, that is as
far as the trade goes. If the breakout succeeds, the next objective in the reversal
down is a measured move that is approximately the same height as the last leg up
in the triangle. If the breakout fails and the market reverses up, then the triangle
becomes a continuation pattern, which in this case would be an expanding triangle
bull ﬂag, since it is a triangle in a bull trend. The initial target would be a new
181

182
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
high, and usually that is about as far as the trade goes. If the breakout succeeds,
the next target is a measured move up that is about the size of the last leg down
in the triangle. If the breakout fails and the market turns down, it is now a larger
expanding triangle top with seven legs instead of the original ﬁve. At some point,
either a breakout succeeds and the market makes an approximate measured move
or the triangle evolves into a larger trading range.
The term triangle is misleading, because the pattern often does not look any-
thing like a triangle. The salient point is that it is a series of progressively greater
higher highs and lower lows that continue to trap breakout traders, and at some
point they capitulate and then all of the traders are on the same side, creating a
trend. It has three pushes and can be viewed as a variation of a three-push reversal
pattern, but with deep pullbacks. For example, in a bull reversal at the bottom of
a bear trend, both pullbacks form higher highs; however, in a conventional three-
push pattern like a wedge bottom (a contracting triangle that is pointing down),
both pullbacks would form lower highs (i.e., not an expanding pattern).
All expanding triangles are variants of major trend reversals, because the ﬁnal
reversal always follows a strong leg. For example, in an expanding triangle bottom,
the rally from the ﬁnal low follows a rally that was strong enough to go above a
prior swing high, and that rally always breaks some signiﬁcant bear trend line. At
a minimum, the rally from the second push down breaks above the bear trend line
that contained that second leg down, and the third push down is therefore a lower
low major trend reversal buy setup. The rally to the ﬁrst or second leg usually also
breaks above some other major bear trend line.

Figure 6.1
EXPANDING TRIANGLES
183
1
2
@ES/D - 5 min CME  L=1359.25  16.00  1.19%   MAX 20 (20) 1356.69
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Sep08]
3
4
5
6
8
9
10
1,367.00
1,365.00
1,363.00
1,361.00
1,357.00
1,359.25
1,355.00
1,353.00
1,351.00
1,349.00
1,347.00
1,345.00
1,343.00
1,341.00
1,339.00
1,337.00
1,335.00
1,333.00
1,331.00
6/16
Created with Trade Station
6/13
6/12
6/11
12:00
11:00
11:00
10:00
9:00
8:00
8:00
9:00
10:00
11:00
12:00
10:00
9:00
8:00
12:00
7
FIGURE 6.1
Expanding Triangle Bottom in the Emini
An expanding triangle bottom in a bear trend often later tries to become an expand-
ing triangle bear ﬂag. In Figure 6.1, the Emini ran up off an opening reversal from
the bar 6 gap pullback test of the moving average and yesterday’s close. Yesterday’s
low at bar 5 formed an expanding triangle bottom with bars 1, 2, 3, and 4. This was
a reversal pattern, since the trend was down prior to the triangle. The ﬁrst objec-
tive was a new swing high, which was reached at bar 7. Then the market usually
tries to form an expanding triangle bear ﬂag, which is a continuation pattern since
it is a trading range in a bear trend. It did that at the bar 7 overshoot of the bull
trend channel line (the triangle was formed by bars 2, 3, 4, 5, and 7). After a trend
channel line fails breakout, especially when there is an expanding triangle, there
is usually a two-legged move down. Incidentally, expanding triangles don’t have to
have a perfect shape and they do not have to touch the trend channel lines (bar 5
fell short).
The rally up to bar 7 was very strong, but the low 2 short at the top of the
trading range was worth taking under these circumstances. Bar 8 was the second
doji in a row, and dojis represent equilibrium between bears and bulls. Since they
are in balance, that balance point is often the midpoint of the move down, and

184
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 6.1
is a rough guide for how much further down the market might go in its search
for enough buying power to swing the market back up. The target was hit at
bar 9, but the market did not rally until after overshooting the bear trend chan-
nel line and reversing up at the bar 10 wedge bull ﬂag signal bar. Bar 10 also
tested the original long entry above the bar 6 signal bar to the exact tick (a perfect
breakout test).

Figure 6.2
EXPANDING TRIANGLES
185
1
3
2
4
6
5
7
8
10
11
9
12
13
137.00
136.00
135.00
11:30
11:00
10:30
10:00
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
11:30
12:30
11:00
12:00
10:30
10:00
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
4/9
4/10
TradeStation Chart Analysis - SPY 5 min [AMEX] S&P Dep Receipts
SPY - 5 min AMEX   L=140.40  0.40  0.29%   MAX 20 (20) 140.42
Created with Trade Station
FIGURE 6.2
Expanding Triangle Bottom Reversal
In an expanding triangle reversal pattern, the lows keep getting lower and the highs
keep getting higher. Typically, there are ﬁve turns before the reversal, but some-
times there are seven, like in the 5 minute SPY chart presented in Figure 6.2. There
are usually valid reasons to scalp each leg (for example, each leg is a new swing
high or low in a trading range), but once the ﬁfth leg is complete, a larger trend
can develop and it is wise to swing part of the position. Also, once the pattern com-
pletes, it usually sets up an expanding triangle pattern in the opposite direction. If
the ﬁrst was a reversal pattern, then the next part of this pattern (which will be in
the opposite direction), if it develops, will be a continuation pattern and vice versa.
Bar 5 was the ﬁfth leg (bar 1 was the ﬁrst) and therefore a buy setup for at
least two legs up. However, bar 6 was a failed breakout short setup and a small
wedge (it was the third of three small pushes in the channel after the spike up from
bar 5). This created an expanding triangle bear ﬂag, where the ﬁrst of the ﬁve
swings was bar 2.
The seventh leg had a second entry at bar 8. Bar 7 was the ﬁrst setup at a new
low, but it failed, as was expected since the entry was in a barbwire pattern and
most traders would have waited for a second signal. Bar 8 was also a high 3 buy
setup in the small bear channel after the spike down from bar 6, and the third push
down often signals the end of a spike and channel bear trend pattern.

186
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 6.2
Bar 10 tested the bar 8 low, but its low was one tick higher. It was similar to a
ninth leg of an expanding triangle (in trading, similar is usually good enough). As
a double bottom test of yesterday’s low and a high 2 buy setup at the bottom of a
trading range, it was a good opening reversal buy setup.
Bar 11 was a breakout pullback from taking out the high of the open, even
though it did not break above the bar 9 high of the triangle. It was a high 1 long
after a strong ﬁve-bar bull spike in a possible new bull trend and therefore a
reliable buy setup.
Bar 12 was a low 2 at the top of a trading range (an expanding triangle is a
trading range) and a one-tick bear breakout failure on this SPY chart. The Emini
chart, however (not shown), held above the reversal bar’s low and did not trigger
the pattern. The Emini gives fewer false signals because each tick is equivalent to
2.5 ticks in the SPY. Since the up momentum was strong enough so that a bull trend
might be underway, traders should have waited to see if a lower high formed before
considering taking shorts.
Bar 13 was a second entry for the breakout failure short above bar 9, but again
there was no trend line break earlier in the rally, so it would have been unwise to
short in the absence of some earlier bear strength. Bears should have waited for a
lower high before shorting.
Instead of breakout failures, bars 12 and 13 were breakout pullbacks in a new
bull trend.

Figure 6.3
EXPANDING TRIANGLES
187
1
3
5
7
6
8
9
1,362.00
1,360.00
1,358.00
1,356.00
1,354.00
1,352.00
1,350.00
1,348.00
1,346.00
1,344.00
1,342.00
1,340.00
1,341.00
1,338.00
1,336.00
1,334.00
1,332.00
1,330.00
6/20
6/19
6/18
12:00
11:00
10:00
9:00
8:00
12:00
12:00
11:00
10:00
9:00
8:00
2
4
Created with Trade Station
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ESU08.D 5min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Sep 2008
ESU08.D - 5 min CME   L=1341.50  2.75  0.21%   MAX 20 (20) 1344.43
FIGURE 6.3
Second Entry in Expanding Triangle Reversal
As shown in Figure 6.3, bars 1 to 5 created the ﬁve legs of the expanding triangle
bottom. The entry was one tick above the bar 5 lower low. Bar 6 failed to take out
the high of bar 4 before dropping to a new low. Bar 7 was a second-chance entry at
the expanding triangle, but with this many bars between bars 5 and 7, the triangle
had lost its inﬂuence and this had become just a double bottom reversal from a new
low on the day.
Bar 8 formed a higher low that was also a double bottom pullback long from
the bars 5 and 7 double bottom.
After reaching the target of a new swing high, bar 9 set up an expanding triangle
bear ﬂag (bars 2, 3, 4, 7, and 9), and this short had a target of below the bar 7
low. Eventually, however, one of these increasing larger triangles fails and a trend
begins. Incidentally, the market gapped below bar 7 on the open of the next day,
reaching the target. The proportionality was bad since the spacing between bars
4 and 9 was so much greater than between bars 2 and 4. When the shape is that
unconventional, fewer traders will trust it and that weakens the pattern. However,
traders still saw bar 9 as the top of a bear trading range, a double top bear ﬂag with
yesterday’s high, and a test of the gap above yesterday’s high, and those are reasons
enough to go short.


C H A P T E R 7
Final Flags
O
nce a trend ends, traders can look at the chart and see the ﬁnal ﬂag in the
trend. Final ﬂag reversals are common because every reversal follows some
kind of ﬂag and therefore is a type of ﬁnal ﬂag reversal. If a trader under-
stands what makes a ﬂag likely to be the last one before the trend reverses, he is in
a position to anticipate and trade the trend reversal.
Here are several characteristics that are common in ﬁnal ﬂags:
r The ﬂag occurs in a trend that has gone on for dozens of bars; therefore the
trend traders might begin to take proﬁts and the countertrend traders might
become more aggressive. Both will believe that the trend is overdone and is
therefore prone to have a larger two-legged correction and evolve into a larger
trading range or even a reversal.
r The ﬂag is mostly horizontal and has signs of strong two-sided trading, such as
several trend bars in the opposite direction, bars with prominent tails, several
reversals, and bars that overlap the previous bar by at least 50 percent. Part IV
in book 2 on trading ranges gives more signs of two-sided trading.
r A micro trend line breakout pullback is of a one-bar or micro ﬁnal ﬂag. For
example, when there is a break above a bear micro trend line and the market
reverses down, that one- or two-bar breakout often becomes the ﬁnal bear ﬂag
in the micro bear trend. If the sell-off fails within a bar or two and then the
market reverses back up from a lower low, double bottom, or higher low, this
last sell-off is the breakout pullback and the original small breakout becomes
the ﬁnal ﬂag in the micro bear trend. If there is a reversal after breaking out of
a ﬁnal ﬂag, but it only pulls back for a few bars and then the trend resumes,
189

190
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
the pullback has become a breakout pullback in an ongoing trend instead of a
reversal, and the ﬁnal ﬂag has failed to reverse the market.
r Final ﬂags sometimes reverse brieﬂy only to form a larger ﬂag, which can break
out or reverse. You will usually be able to make a scalper’s proﬁt off the ﬁnal
ﬂag reversal entry before the evolution takes place, and the evolved pattern will
typically result in another signal in either direction.
r Sometimes there will be two consecutive horizontal ﬂags with the second one
being smaller, and the breakout from the second one can lead to a wedge
reversal.
r If the ﬁnal ﬂag forms after a climax, the failed breakout may not exceed the
prior trend extreme. For example, if there is a bear climax and then a horizontal
trading range above the low, this could become a ﬁnal ﬂag with the breakout
reversing up after either a higher low or a lower low.
r Sometimes a ﬁnal ﬂag can be only one or two bars long and develop after a
strong spike that is composed of several unusually large trend bars (a potential
exhaustive climax). The breakout from that small ﬂag often reverses after a
bar or two and usually results in a two-legged pullback that lasts for 10 bars or
more. This is a tradable countertrend setup, but it does not reliably lead to a
trend reversal. The strong momentum demonstrated by those large trend bars
frequently is followed by a test of the trend extreme within 10 to 20 bars. The
one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag can be any type of pause bar. For example, if the market just
had two consecutive sell climaxes, and the next bar is a bull doji, even if its low
is below the low of the sell climax, the doji can become the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear
trend. If the next bar or two is a large bear spike and then the market reverses
up, the pause bar is a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag.
r Tight trading ranges often become ﬁnal ﬂags. Any sideways trading has a mag-
netic pull. Since breakouts usually fail, the market usually gets drawn back into
the range where both bulls and bears agree that there is value.
r Sometimes there is no breakout, and the ﬁnal ﬂag just grows into a new trend.
This often happens as a reversal after consecutive climaxes.
r Traders see that the market is overdone and expect a correction soon, but think
that the breakout will go far enough for one more scalp. They therefore enter
on the breakout of the potential ﬁnal ﬂag, but are looking to exit soon after
entering, rather than being willing to hold for a swing. With everyone looking
to take small proﬁts, the breakout quickly reverses.
When you look at any chart where there is a trend reversal, you see that the
trend was made up of a series of spikes and pullbacks, which are ﬂags. If you study
the ﬁnal ﬂag in that trend, you will discover that it gave clues that the trend was
about to end and become either a trading range or an opposite trend. The trad-
ing range can have protracted legs and appear to be a trend reversal, but usually

FINAL FLAGS
191
becomes just a large pullback on a higher time frame chart. However, those legs
are usually big enough for a proﬁtable swing trade. Traders are not certain if the
reversal will be a new trend or a large correction, and they trade both the same
way. They take partial or full proﬁts after the ﬁrst or second leg and look to add on
during a pullback. If there is a strong move in the direction of the original trend,
they might hold on to their position for a test of the old trend’s extreme.
Every pullback has two-sided trading, but when the pullback is mostly horizon-
tal, has many bars that largely overlap, has several reversals within the range, and
has several bars with bodies in the direction opposite to the trend, then the two-
sided trading is especially pronounced. The ﬁnal ﬂag can be a trading range of any
size, including just a single bar, although it usually has at least ﬁve to 10 bars. The
two-sided trading means that both the bulls and the bears agree that there is value
at this level to initiate trades. The bears are shorting aggressively because they be-
lieve that the trading range will break to the downside, and the bulls are buying
aggressively because they believe that the breakout will be to the upside. When-
ever the price drifts to the top of the trading range or breaks out of the top of the
range and runs for several bars, the bears see it as an even better value, and they
short even more strongly. The bulls see the top of the range as a little expensive,
and they buy less. This results in the bears being able to push the price back down.
When it gets to the bottom of the range or has a downside breakout, the opposite
happens and the bulls think that the value is even better, but the bears think that
it is getting too low to short heavily. This makes the market work back up into the
middle of the range. The same process takes place in all trading ranges, including
bull and bear ﬂags, and the result is that there is a magnetic effect in the middle of
these trading ranges, and most breakout attempts do not go far before the market
is pulled back into the trading range.
When one develops after a trend has gone on for a few dozen bars, it often be-
comes the ﬁnal ﬂag in the trend. After the breakout, the with-trend traders are more
interested in taking proﬁts and waiting for a deep correction before entering again,
and the countertrend traders will fade the attempt at trend resumption since they
expect at least a two-legged correction. For example, if there is a bull trend that
has been going on for dozens of bars and it might be ready for a larger correction
or even a reversal, traders will watch to see if it forms a bull ﬂag that is mostly hor-
izontal. Since the bull trend is still in effect, traders are willing to buy the breakout,
but are looking for only a scalp, not a swing. The bears who were shorting during
the ﬂag will buy back their shorts. Their buying contributes to the move up, but
they are eager to short again once the market reaches some resistance level, which
might be a ﬁxed number of ticks where they think the bulls will scalp out of longs
or might be some measured move target. The bulls quickly sell out of their longs for
a small proﬁt soon after entering. Aggressive bears see the same thing as the bulls
and begin to sell exactly where the bulls are selling. With the bulls and the bears

192
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
both expecting lower prices, there is no one left to buy and the market reverses
down, at least for a scalp. If the move down is strong, the bulls will not be willing
to buy and the bears will not be eager to take proﬁts until there are signs that the
correction is ending. The reversal can lead to a pullback, a larger correction (like a
trading range), or a trend reversal.
As was discussed earlier in Chapter 3 about double bottoms and tops, ﬁnal ﬂags
are caused by the same basic behavior. For example, if there is a potential ﬁnal ﬂag
in a bull trend, there is a push up just before the ﬂag forms. The upside breakout
of the ﬂag is a test of that bull high. If more sellers than buyers come in as the
market tests up, the market will reverse down from this second push up. Although
the underlying force is the same, a ﬁnal ﬂag looks sufﬁciently different and has
several distinctive properties that warrant its being classiﬁed as a separate pattern.
The same is true of a ﬁnal ﬂag in a bear trend, which is just a pair of moves down
and then a reversal up. The bear breakout of the ﬁnal ﬂag is the second move down
and a test of the strength of the bear trend that paused to create the ﬁnal ﬂag.
Many bulls and bears will sell soon after the bull breakout of a bull ﬂag, and
if enough do, the market will begin to reverse. If a bear reversal setup develops,
traders will become more conﬁdent that a bigger correction will follow; more bulls
will sell out of their longs, and more bears will begin to short. If the reversal down
triggers by moving one tick below the bear reversal bar, the market will get drawn
back into that ﬁnal ﬂag. It may stop there, but the market usually forms at least a
two-legged sideways to down correction and often a trend reversal. The trend re-
versal is more likely if there was a strong bear leg (a sign of selling pressure) in the
ﬂag, or earlier, that broke well below the bull trend line. If the original trend lasted
for 50 to 100 bars, then the reversal will more likely evolve into a large ﬂag rather
than a trend in the opposite direction. Remember, trends have tremendous inertia
and tend to resist all reversal attempts. However, each reversal tends to be larger
than the one before, and eventually one will succeed in reversing the trend into an
opposite trend.
Protracted climaxes often end after breakouts from brief ﬁnal ﬂags. For exam-
ple, if there is a strong four-bar bull spike and if the bodies are large and the fourth
one is unusually large, it will often lead to brief selling because traders will see the
spike as a potential buy climax. Both the bulls and the bears wait for big bars like
this. The bulls will use the strength as an opportunity to take partial proﬁts at a
very high price, and aggressive bears will sell to initiate short scalps. The result is
often a pullback. However, since the bull spike was so strong, there will usually be
strong buying at and below the low of the prior bar. The bulls are buying to reestab-
lish their full long positions, and the bears are buying back their short scalps. The
result is that the pullback only lasts from one to a few bars and becomes a high 1 or
2 buy setup. Bulls will buy above the high of the prior bar, and many will also buy
if the market breaks above the top of the original bull spike.

FINAL FLAGS
193
Since the ﬂag followed a strong bull spike that might have gone too far, too fast,
many traders will treat the bull ﬂag breakout as only a scalp. They will quickly take
their scalper’s proﬁt. Their proﬁt taking, along with shorting by aggressive bears,
can quickly turn the market back down after a one- or two-bar breakout of the bull
ﬂag. This brief breakout is often made of one or more strong bull trend bars, and
therefore is another potential buy climax. If enough traders see this as consecutive
buy climaxes (the original bull spike was the ﬁrst), many will only look to buy
again after a pullback forms that has at least two legs and lasts about 10 bars. Many
will short, expecting the larger pullback. If the reversal down came at a signiﬁcant
resistance level, many traders will see the move up as simply a buy vacuum test of
the resistance level and will be open to the possibility of a trend reversal. They will
watch the strength of the move down. If it is slow and weak, traders will expect it
to become a pullback and will look for the bull trend to resume before long. If it has
many bear bodies, they will not be eager to buy, and the market then has to probe
lower to ﬁnd buyers. Sometimes the market will enter a bear trend, and this can
happen even if the original bull spike was very strong and the ﬁnal ﬂag was only
a single bar. Many reversals happen after a second push, which essentially forms
a double top. The two tops are often at different prices and form either a higher
high or a lower high, but together behave like a double top and should always be
considered to be different manifestations of the same price action.
When the market is in a strong spike and it then has a bar with a tail or opposite
body, traders often expect one small ﬁnal push and then a pullback. For example,
if there is a strong bear spike with four consecutive large bear trend bars mostly
closing near their lows, many traders will short around the close of each bar. If
the next bar has a big tail on the bottom or a bull body, the bear trend is intact,
but traders believe that a pullback is imminent. Many will short the close of this
bar, but will hold only for a scalp, expecting the trade to be the ﬁnal scalp in the
spike. Because they see this as the ﬁnal scalp, they will then not look to sell again
until there is at least a small pullback. With no one willing to continue to sell at
the bottom of the spike, the market will move up in search of a price that is high
enough for the bears to once again short. Aggressive bulls know this and will buy
at the bottom of the spike exactly where they think that the bears will be buying
back their ﬁnal short scalp. With both the bulls and the bears buying, the market
moves up. The move up is usually at least enough for the bulls to scalp out of their
longs, but it might last for ﬁve to 10 bars. Since it is the ﬁrst pullback in a strong
bear spike, there will be sellers above. Both the bulls and the bears will sell as
the market moves above the high of the prior bar, and for any other small reason,
because both are conﬁdent that the probability that the pullback will be brief is
high. The selling by both the bulls and the bears results in at least one more push
down, and the move down might even become a channel that reaches a measured
move, based on the height of the spike. At the other extreme of possibilities, it also

194
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
might be only a ﬁnal ﬂag breakout that leads to a reversal up. So how is that ﬁve-
bar bear spike related to ﬁnal ﬂags? That tail or bull bar at the bottom of the spike
told traders that there would be one more push down before a pullback and that
it would go far enough down for a scalp, but that the market would likely reverse
up quickly. This means that they saw the tail or the bull body as a micro ﬁnal ﬂag,
and it was certainly a ﬁnal ﬂag on a smaller time frame chart. Traders don’t have to
look at smaller time frame charts to verify this, because they know that it has to be
the case, or else that tail or bull body would not have formed.
A ﬁnal bull ﬂag has three ways to break out. First, the breakout can be strong
enough to go above the old high of the bull trend and then the market reverses
down in a higher high reversal. Alternatively, the breakout can be weaker, and the
market can reverse down below the prior high in the form of a lower high reversal.
Finally, there might not be much of a breakout at all, or even no upside breakout.
For example, the bull ﬂag might form a high 2 or a high 3 buy signal, but the entry
bar reverses down after going only a tick or two above the signal bar, or it could
simply break to the downside without ever going above the high of the prior bar.
If there is a downside breakout of the bull ﬂag, the breakout is usually a spike that
is then followed by a bear channel that extends for some type of measured move.
If there is no clear breakout and the bull ﬂag just keeps growing into a larger bear
channel, at some point traders will give up on the bull ﬂag premise and see the
channel as a bear trend. When this happens, there will usually have been at least
a one-bar bear spike at the start. When that bear trend bar formed, experienced
traders would have wondered if it was strong enough to lead to a bear channel, and
many would have been shorting above the highs of the previous bars, just in case
a bear trend developed. The bull ﬂag, even though it never broke out to the upside,
was the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bull trend.
With any bull ﬂag, pullback traders buy and look to exit on a test of the trend’s
extreme (the most recent high). They prefer to take proﬁts above the old high, but
watch carefully to see if the market stalls below it. If so, they quickly take proﬁts
and will buy again only if there is another pullback. Their selling, and their unwill-
ingness to buy for at least a couple more bars while they wait for a pullback, results
in a lower high instead of a higher high. Because scalpers usually take proﬁts at and
just above the prior high, most new highs in bull trends ﬁnd proﬁt takers instead of
new buyers. This results in most new highs being followed by pullbacks instead of
protracted breakouts and new legs up. However, since most reversal attempts fail,
most new highs do not result in reversals into bear trends. The reversal often looks
strong, but is usually followed by just another bull ﬂag. Bulls will buy the pullback
and bears will take proﬁts on their short scalps, and the market will test the high
again. Eventually, one will be the ﬁnal bull ﬂag and it will be followed by a bigger
correction or a reversal, and if there are signs that this will happen, experienced
traders will go short.

FINAL FLAGS
195
Similarly, the ﬁnal ﬂag in a bear trend can also break out to the downside and
reverse up from a lower low or a higher low, or it can simply break out to the
upside without ever breaking out to the downside. There can be a failed low 2 or
low 3 short and then a reversal up in the form of a large bull trend bar. This bull
spike becomes the beginning of a new bull swing, and the bear ﬂag will then be seen
as the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear trend, even though it never had a downside breakout.
The bull breakout is the sign that the traders believe that the always-in trade has
ﬂipped from short to long.
If there are reasons to believe that a bear swing might be ending and it then
begins to form a bear ﬂag, traders might think that the low 1 or low 2 short entries
from that bear ﬂag will fail. If they are expecting no signiﬁcant bear breakout from
this bear ﬂag and instead think that the market will trap bears and then break out
to the upside, they can fade the low 1 and low 2 setups. For example, if there is a
wedge bottom on a trading range day that is beginning to reverse up, traders will
expect the low of the wedge to hold. Since they believe that the trend might now
be up, they want to buy pullbacks. A pullback can be as small as a single bar. Since
there will probably be two legs up, the ﬁrst leg down should not go far. That low
1 short should fail and become a small higher low pullback in the new bull leg,
and these bulls will expect at least a two-legged rally that will last 10 or more bars.
The only time that a low 1 short is reliable is in the spike phase of a strong bear
trend, and never after a reversal pattern. That low 1 short entry will likely fail to
fall below the low of the wedge and will instead form a small higher low in the two-
legged correction up. Because of that, traders will place a limit order to buy at the
low or one to three ticks below the low of that short signal bar, expecting a small
higher low to form instead of a proﬁtable low 1 short. In the Emini, they usually can
risk as few as four ticks.
As the reversal up continues, they might think that a low 2 short setup could
form. However, since they believe that the trend has reversed into a bull trend, they
expect that low 2 to fail as well and be followed by higher prices. They are still in
the buy pullbacks mode, and that can include a small pullback like a low 2. Here
again, they will place limit orders to buy at or below the low of the low 2 signal
bar and risk about four ticks in the Emini. They are expecting this bear ﬂag to fail
to break out for more than a few ticks, and instead they look for the market to
continue to work up into a bull channel. This is a type of ﬁnal bear ﬂag because it
is the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear trend. The bears thought of it as a bear ﬂag, but were
able to break it below the bear signal bar by only a tick or two, and then the ﬂag
continued to grow up and to the right until traders realized that it was now a bull
channel. At some point, when enough traders realize what is happening, the bears
cover, and there will usually be an upside breakout and then a measured move up.
Once the bears believe either that the market has reached the top of a trading
range or that the bull trend is in the process of reversing down, they will look for

196
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
high 1 and high 2 signal bars and place limit orders to short at or just above
the highs of those bars. They are looking to sell rallies, even very small ones like
a high 1 or a high 2. Bulls will look to buy low 1 and low 2 entries at the bottom of
a trading range and at the bottom of a bear trend when they feel that the market is
in the process of reversing into a bull swing.
If the high 2 is likely to fail, why would it ever trigger in the ﬁrst place? It triggers
because the bears are looking to short above bars, and less so just below the highs
of bars. They place limit orders to short at and above the high of the prior bar. With
a relative lack of bears willing to short just below the high of the bar, the bulls are
unopposed and are able to push the market above the high of the prior bar, hoping
that lots of bulls will enter on buy stops. The high of the bar acts as a magnet,
and the push above the bar is a micro buy vacuum. The bulls ﬁnd that there is an
overwhelming number of bears waiting to short there, and there are lots of bulls,
who bought lower, taking proﬁts there. The result is that the high 2 triggers, but the
market immediately turns down. Those bulls who bought over the last several ticks
quickly see the lack of a rally above the high of the prior bar. Because the market is
not doing what they expected, they exit and will not look to buy again for at least a
few bars. Their selling out of their longs contributes to the sell-off.
If a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal triggers but the reversal fails within a couple of bars,
this becomes a failed ﬁnal ﬂag. A failed ﬁnal ﬂag is a setup for a resumption of the
original trend and therefore is a breakout pullback. After the market broke out of
the potential ﬁnal ﬂag, it tried to reverse, but instead just pulled back a little and
then the trend resumed instead of reversed. For example, if the market was in a
bull trend and had a potential ﬁnal bull ﬂag that broke to the upside and then began
to reverse down, but the short entry bar quickly became a strong bull reversal bar,
this is a setup for a breakout pullback long. That bull reversal bar was a pullback
from the breakout of the potential ﬁnal ﬂag, and if the bull trend goes far enough,
it will be beyond the magnetic pull of the ﬁnal ﬂag and traders will look for other
patterns. If the rally goes for only a bar or two and reverses down again, it sets up a
second entry short from the original potential ﬁnal ﬂag. If the reversal succeeds, it
is a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal. If it fails and the market again turns up, the market is likely
in a bull channel, and channels can last for many bars.

Figure 7.1
FINAL FLAGS
197
TradeStation Chart Analysis - XLF 5 min [AMEX] S&P Sel Financial Spdr Fund
XLF - 5 min AMEX L=24.15  -0.16  -0.66%  MAX 20 (20)  24.12
25.00
24.13
1
13:00
7:00
Jun
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 7.1
Final Flag Reversal
A sell climax that forms after a bear trend has gone on for a long time is often
followed by a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal and at least a two-legged rally. In Figure 7.1, bar 1
ended two legs down from the open and was therefore a possible low of the day. It
broke out of a sideways bear ﬂag after a protracted move, so this could have been
a ﬁnal ﬂag and it could have led to a reversal up. Bar 1 was a good reversal bar,
triggering the ﬁnal ﬂag long, causing traders to expect at least two legs up. Some of
the best reversals come when the ﬁrst leg up from the reversal extends beyond the
ﬁnal ﬂag, as it does here. There is then often a sideways ﬂag above the old bear ﬂag,
and then the new bull trend continues. Sometimes there is just a brief pullback into
the old bear ﬂag and other times there is not even a pause in the new bull leg as it
soars higher in a strong spike made of a series of bull trend bars. When you see this
type of reversal, it is important to swing some or all of your position because the
odds are good that you could receive windfall proﬁts.
The trading range from about 7:30 to about 9:30 a.m. PST had two hours of
two-sided, horizontal trading and was a larger ﬁnal ﬂag. Two-sided trading exerts a
magnetic pull that tends to draw the market back to that level after a breakout.

198
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.1
The entry bar after bar 1 closed above the highs of the prior six bars and above
the prior seven closes, and therefore reversed many highs and closes. Traders who
shorted during those bars either had to cover their shorts or were holding losing
positions, which they would soon likely cover with a loss. Also, they would not
have been looking to short again for at least several bars, and most would have
waited for at least a two-legged rally before considering shorting again. This made
the market one-sided, which usually leads to a rally that has at least 10 bars and
two legs.

Figure 7.2
FINAL FLAGS
199
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESM08.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Jun 2008
ESM08.D - 5 min CME  L=1359.25  -46.00  -3.27%  MAX 20 (20)  1366.01
1,367.00
1,369.00
1,371.00
1,373.00
1,375.00
1,377.00
1,379.00
1,381.00
1,383.00
1,385.00
1,387.00
1,389.00
1,391.00
13:00
12:30
7:00
4/7
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
FIGURE 7.2
Tight Trading Range as a Final Flag
A tight trading range after a rally often becomes the ﬁnal bull ﬂag. In Figure 7.2,
the bar 4 breakout above the open was on strength, and led to the formation of a
tight trading range. Here, the strong breakout of the ﬂag ended at bar 7, which was
a two-legged move up (bar 5 was the ﬁrst leg), and a wedge top (the ﬁrst bar of the
day was the ﬁrst push up and bar 4 was the second). Two-legged moves out of ﬂags
often set up a major reversal that typically has at least two legs. The move down
to bar 10 was in two legs, but it had only a single countertrend bar (bar 9), which
meant that it was likely going to be just the ﬁrst leg of two larger legs. When the
two-legged move is in a tight channel, the entire channel usually becomes the ﬁrst
leg. In any case, if short traders were unsure, they could have moved their stops to
breakeven after the move down to bar 10 at the moving average.
Bar 9 went above the high of the small bull doji bar to trigger a high 1 buy,
but experienced traders expected it to fail after a buy climax and a ﬁnal ﬂag top.
Bar 8 and the two bars that followed became a smaller ﬁnal ﬂag, with bar 9 being a
lower high failed breakout of the three-bar ﬁnal ﬂag. There was a micro buy vacuum
that sucked the market to a tick or two above that high 1 signal bar. Strong bears
expected the high 1 to fail and were waiting to see if they would get an opportunity
to short at or above the signal bar’s high. Many therefore stopped shorting when
the market was a tick or two below the high of the bar, and this absence of traders

200
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.2
willing to sell sucked the market higher in search of bears. Once the market reached
their target (at and just above the high 1 signal bar), the bears aggressively shorted
and overwhelmed the bulls, driving the market down. The bulls who bought at and
just above the high 1 signal bar’s high immediately saw that the market stalled and
was reversing, so they sold out of their longs, helping to push the market down.
They became convinced that the short-term top was in and would not consider
buying again for at least several bars. With no buyers left, the market fell quickly
to the support of the moving average and the middle of the ﬁnal ﬂag (the trading
range that began at bar 4), where bears would buy back some of their shorts and
bulls would start buying again. Since the sell-off was strong, there were very few
buyers, and the market was unable to rally. These buyers quickly became sellers
(the bulls sold out of their new longs and the bears shorted once again), and the
market fell further in search of a price that was low enough to attract buyers.
Bar 10 and the bar after it formed a two-bar reversal high 2 buy signal at the
moving average. Experienced traders would not have bought this high 2 because
it followed four strong bear bars (a micro channel). Bar 11 was the signal bar for
the failed breakout of the high 2 bull ﬂag. This is a common situation. Some bulls
saw the pullback from the bar 7 high to the moving average as a bull ﬂag. However,
once the market broke below bar 10, the bulls gave up on that notion and decided
that the market was likely to drop for about a measured move and two legs before
forming another buy setup. The two-bar bear spike (bar 11 and the next bar) was
followed by a bear channel. In hindsight, the bar 4 trading range turned into a ﬁnal
ﬂag in the bull move up from bar 1, but smart traders would have anticipated this
possibility and swung part of their shorts. The bar before bar 9 was also a ﬁnal bull
ﬂag, as was the high 2 that triggered two bars after bar 10.
The low 2 lower high at bar 2 was a similar situation. The bears saw it as a bear
ﬂag in the sell-off from the open, a possible lower high and start of a bear trend,
and at least the top of a possible trading range. Once the short triggered and then
the market rallied above the high of bar 2, the bears knew that their premise was
wrong. The bear ﬂag failed and the bears expected a rally that would last at least
two legs and reach about a measured move up.
Bar 7 was also the third push up on the day where the ﬁrst bar of the day was
a gap spike up, and bar 4 was the second push in the wedge channel that ended at
bar 7.
As bar 9 went above the bull bar before it, the market was attempting to create
a failed ﬁnal ﬂag, which is a breakout pullback buy setup. However, since the signal
bar for this potential long and two of the prior three bars had prominent tails, shorts
would have kept their protective stops above the bar 8 signal bar high until the
market move down. Once the strong bar 9 bear trend bar closed, they would have
moved their stops to above its high. This was a weak high 1 buy setup and likely
to fail, and therefore it was not a buy setup. Most traders would have shorted at or

Figure 7.2
FINAL FLAGS
201
above its high, which clearly happened here. They would not have gone long and
they would not have exited their shorts.
Bar 12 is an example of a micro ﬁnal ﬂag. Traders were shorting the closes
of the bear bars in the spike down, but the bar before bar 12 had large tails. This
alerted traders to the possibility that a small pullback was imminent. Aggressive
bears shorted the close of that bar, but were expecting only a scalp and then a
pullback. They bought back their proﬁtable scalps on the bar after entry, and their
buying created the bar 12 reversal bar. Aggressive bulls understood what was going
on, so they bought where they thought that the bears would be buying back their
short scalps. The bulls were looking for only a scalp up. Bear swing traders also ex-
pected the pullback, so they bought back part of their positions to take proﬁts. All
traders with large open proﬁts take partial proﬁts along the way, and they usually
do so where they expect a small pullback to form. Their buying contributes to the
pullback. When the bulls sold out of their long scalps and the bears shorted at the
top of the pullback, the market sold off again, as expected. V bottoms are rare, so
everyone was eager to sell, knowing that the probability of at least one more push
down was high. Traders sold above the high of the prior bar on limit orders and on
stops below the low of the prior bar. There were also reasons to sell on every other
time frame and every other type of chart. Other traders shorted the low 2 that trig-
gered four bars after bar 12 (some shorted below the bull bar, while others shorted
below the two-bar bear reversal). Early bulls who were unrealistically hoping for a
bigger rally sold out of their longs on the low 2 and were not willing to buy again for
at least a couple more bars down. With no one looking to buy, the market quickly
fell for several bars.

202
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.3
TradeStation Chart Analysis - EURUSD 5 min [FOREX] Euro / US Dollar
EURUSD - 5 min FOREX  L=1.42358  0.00128  0.09%  MAX 20 (20)  1.42315  a Time of O dot (1,632)
1.4080
1.4100
1.4120
1.4140
1.4160
1.4180
1.4200
1.4220
1.4240
1.4260
1.4280
7:00
7:30
6:00
6:30
5:00
4:30
5:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
FIGURE 7.3
Triangle as a Final Flag
When the bullish momentum is exceptionally strong, it is better to look only for buy
setups and not shorts until after there has been some signiﬁcant sign of strength by
the bears.
As shown in Figure 7.3, the Euro/U.S. Dollar Forex had a ﬁnal ﬂag short setup
at bar 2, but the upward momentum was strong and the ﬂag was only four bars
long; it therefore did not break a signiﬁcant bull trend line. That single bear trend
bar was not strong enough to negate that much upward momentum, and it was
likely that the market would correct sideways and then rally to a new high. This
was likely to fail to reverse the market and instead become just a pullback from the
breakout above the bar 1 two-bar reversal. When a ﬁnal ﬂag setup fails to reverse
the market, it becomes a failed ﬁnal ﬂag, which is a breakout pullback setup. This
is what happened here. The bar 1 potential ﬁnal ﬂag had a reversal signal at the
bar 2 two-bar reversal. The reversal entry triggered, but the market did not fall
far. Instead, it went sideways and formed another buy setup, and this made buying
above bar 3 an entry from a failed ﬁnal ﬂag setup. The market broke above the bar 1
ﬂag, pulled back, and then broke to the upside again.

Figure 7.3
FINAL FLAGS
203
The bar 3 two-bar reversal set up a high 2 long and a double bottom with bar 1,
and these are reasons enough to buy in a strong bull trend. Conservative traders
saw bar 3 as part of a small channel down from bar 2, and they would have bought
above the small double top bear ﬂag formed by the bars just before and after the
bar 3 two-bar bull reversal. The breakout above bar 3 was weak and the market
pulled back to a small higher low. This was a breakout pullback setup, and it turned
the pattern into a wedge bull ﬂag where bars 1 and 3 were the ﬁrst two pushes down,
as well as into a triangle (as soon as there was a third push down, the trading range
was a triangle). The triangle was horizontal, and it formed after a protracted rally.
It could have enough two-sided trading to generate sufﬁcient magnetic pull to draw
any breakout back into the trading range. Some traders saw bar 4 as a breakout
pullback from the bar 3 bull trend bar and the high 2 entry on the next bar. This bull
ﬂag was a potential ﬁnal ﬂag, and bar 5 was the reversal setup. It was the third push
up and a breakout of a one-bar pullback, which was a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag. However,
the momentum up was still so strong that a sideways correction was more likely
than a reversal. The market entered a tight trading range from which it then could
have broken out to the upside again or reversed down. If it broke to the upside, the
tight trading range could have become the ﬁnal ﬂag.

204
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.4
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESZ09.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Dec 2009
ESZ09.D - 5 min CME  L=1051.00  -3.75  -0.36%  MAX 20 (20)  1051.92
1,040
1,041
1,042
1,043
1,044
1,045
1,046
1,047
1,048
1,049
1,050
1,051
1,052
1,053
1,054
1,055
1,056
1,057
1,058
1,059
1,060
1,061
1,062
1,063
13:00
12:30
12:00
11:30
11:00
10:30
10:00
9:30
9:00
7:00
9/30
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
FIGURE 7.4
Final Flag, Then a Lower High
Sometimes a ﬁnal ﬂag breakout reverses at a lower high instead a higher high. In
Figure 7.4, the rally up to bar 2 was strong and parabolic and therefore was likely
to be followed by at least a two-legged pullback (pullbacks in a bull trend can be
sideways or down) that would last at least 10 bars. It formed a horizontal trading
range above the moving average from which it broke out at bar 3. However, the
breakout failed and the market reversed down in a two-bar reversal. The bar 3
breakout was a lower high instead of a higher high, but it was still the ﬁnal ﬂag in
the bull trend. Traders would have shorted below the two-bar reversal. Bar 3 was
also a double top bear ﬂag with the small lower high that followed bar 2. Bar 2 failed
to go above the high of the open, and bar 3 was a second failed attempt to break
out to a new high of the day. When the market tries to do something twice and fails
both times, it usually trends in the opposite direction.
There was a huge two-bar sell spike on the open and then a bull bar. Any trend
bar or series of trend bars forms a breakout, a spike, a gap, and a climax. This initial
sell climax was followed by a second one at bar 1. Consecutive sell climaxes often
lead to protracted corrections and sometimes reversals, as occurred here. The ﬁnal
ﬂag in the sell-off down to bar 1 was that one-bar pause that formed just before bar
1. This bar became a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag in the sell-off; even though it was a bull re-
versal bar and its low was below the low of the huge two-bar bear spike before it, it

Figure 7.4
FINAL FLAGS
205
was a pause in the bear trend, and therefore a bear ﬂag. Consecutive sell climaxes
in a freely falling market like this often have a one- or two-bar ﬁnal ﬂag that is
followed by a large correction or even a reversal. Traders who knew that consec-
utive sell climaxes usually lead to big pullbacks were willing to buy the reversal
up at the low of the day after they saw that one-bar pause. There was no one left
who would sell at the low. The remaining bears would have sold only a pullback
and only after at least a 10-bar rally. Bar 1 interrupted the selling and turned it into
two separate sell climaxes instead of a single climax. Had it not been there, the sell-
ing would have probably continued after bar 1, at least for a bar or two. Many bears
would have bought back their shorts on the close of bar 1, expecting a rally to a
level where they would consider shorting again. Aggressive bulls would have gone
long at the close of bar 1, risking about as many ticks as bar 1 was tall, looking for
a test of the bar 1 high and then possibly a measured move up, based on the height
of bar 1. Bar 1 had 93,000 contracts, which was about 10 times the average volume
of quiet bars over the past couple of days, and was therefore supportive of a spike
and climax type of reversal up. Spike and climax variations of spike and channel
trends are discussed in book 1. There is a spike down, a pause, and then another
sell climax (bar 1), which acts like a one-bar channel in a spike and channel pattern.
The horizontal trading range after bar 1 was also a ﬁnal ﬂag, although it never
broke out to the downside. After a sell climax, the market often forms a bear ﬂag
that can be horizontal or in a bull channel, and sometimes it will have a low 1 or a
low 2 short setup as it did here, but there is no follow-through and therefore no bear
breakout. Instead, the bear ﬂag broke out to the upside, which is a common way
for trends to reverse. The doji signal bars were weak signal bars for shorts after
consecutive sell climaxes, and aggressive traders would have bought at or below
their lows. Since it was the last bear ﬂag, it was a type of ﬁnal ﬂag. It was also a
reversal up from a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag, which was the bull reversal bar before the
large bar 1 sell climax. The bull trend bar breakout above the bear ﬂag at 8:05 a.m.
PST completed the reversal.

206
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.5
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Dec10]
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1175.75  1.00  0.09%  MAX 20 (20)  1175.03
1166
1167
1168
1169
1170
1171
1172
1173
1174
1175
1176
1177
1178
1179
1180
1181
1182
1183
1184
1185
1186
1187
1188
13:00
12:30
12:00
7:00
10/21
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17 18
19
20
22
21
FIGURE 7.5
Final Flags Sometimes Reverse without First Breaking Out
Sometimes the ﬁnal ﬂag does not break out and instead just continues to pull back,
eventually becoming a trend in the opposite direction. As shown in Figure 7.5, there
was a spike and climax down to bar 14, and bar 14 was a strong bull reversal bar.
Some traders saw the spike as starting at bar 6 and ending at bar 9, while others
thought that bar 9 and the bear bar before it formed the important spike, or that
the two-bar spike that formed two bars after bar 10 was important. All of the bear
spikes were important signs of selling pressure, and it does not matter which might
have been the spike that mostly contributed to the climactic sell-off to bar 14 (a
spike and climax type of spike and channel bear trend). There were then three
pushes down in a parabolic move to bar 14 (bars 9 and 11 were the ﬁrst two legs).
This often leads to a protracted rally, but the rally usually begins as a bull channel,
as it did here. A bull channel is a bear ﬂag.
Bar 15 was a low 1, and smart traders would have expected that short to fail. In
fact, they would have expected the low 2 to fail and a wedge bear ﬂag to fail, and,
as with all channels, they would have been buying at or below the low of the prior
bar. Institutions would not be selling below the lows of bars in a channel, because
that is not what they do. How can I be sure? Because if they did, the market would
go down, but since it is going up, they must be buying. At some point, everyone

Figure 7.5
FINAL FLAGS
207
realized that this bear ﬂag was never going to break to the downside and the bears
eventually bought back their shorts, some after the failed low 2 and others after the
failed wedge bear ﬂag. The result was an upside break, which happened here at the
bar 19 bull trend bar and again above bar 20.
The bulls saw bars 3, 9, and 11 as forming a wedge bull ﬂag, and when the mar-
ket fell below bar 11, the wedge failed and the market collapsed. The bear breakout
had only one leg because the pattern evolved into a spike and climax bottom.
The four consecutive bull trend bars that started at bar 14 showed buying pres-
sure. The fourth was a breakout above a failed low 1. Bar 17 was a low 2 or low 3
setup, and instead of triggering a short, the market broke to the upside two bars
later. Bar 18 was a wedge bear ﬂag setup that triggered by one tick, and then the
market reversed up and broke out to the upside on bar 19. Bar 20 was a reversal
up from a moving average gap bar short, and it began a spike consisting of three
bull trend bars. Unlike the earlier bull breakouts in the growing bear ﬂag, this one
had follow-through in the form of consecutive bull trend bars. This convinced most
traders that the market was now always-in long, and they were no longer looking
for a breakout of a bear ﬂag.
Bar 12 was the start of a bull ﬂag, following the strong move up from the bar 11
low. The bear bar before bar 12 was the ﬁrst push down, and the two bear bars
after bar 12 formed a second push down, setting up a possible high 2 bull ﬂag that
could have led to a second leg up. The next bar was a bull bar and therefore a two-
bar reversal buy signal, but instead of breaking to the upside for a second leg up,
the market broke to the downside with a strong bear trend bar. That bar made the
bulls give up on their premise, and they then would not look to buy again for at
least several more bars. Bar 13 was a pullback from the bear breakout of the bull
ﬂag and it was the start of a plunge down to the bar 14 parabolic wedge reversal
(bars 9, 11, and 14 were the three pushes down).
When a bear ﬂag breaks to the upside, like on bar 19, the bulls need a bull trend
bar that closes at least several ticks above the top of the ﬂag to make the bears
give up on their premise that the rally is only a pullback in a bear. Similarly, when
a bull ﬂag breaks out to the downside, traders want to see a strong bear trend bar
with a close that is several ticks below the bottom of the ﬂag, like the bear trend
bar that formed two bars before bar 13. Traders saw the high 2 bull ﬂag setting up,
but one that bear trend bar closed well below the ﬂag, traders assumed that the
bull premise was no longer valid and that the market would likely trade down for
at least a couple of small legs.

208
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.6
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESM11.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Jun 2011
ESM11.D - 5 min CME  L=1326.75  0.25  0.02%  MAX 20 (20)  1319.64  aMAX 5min of 60min 20 Xma (20)
1307.00
1308.00
1309.00
1310.00
1311.00
1312.00
1313.00
1314.00
1315.00
1316.00
1317.00
1318.00
1319.00
1320.00
1321.00
1322.00
1323.00
1324.00
1325.00
1326.00
4
13
13:00
12:30
7:00
5/25
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
5/26
1
3
6
10
11
14
15
16
17
18 19
20
21
22
23
24
2
4
5
9
7
8
12
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 7.6
Bear Breakout of a Bull Final Flag
Sometimes traders want to buy a bull ﬂag, but a buy setup never triggers and
the market instead breaks to the downside. As shown in Figure 7.6, there was a
strong push up to bar 20 and, as the market began to pull back, traders were look-
ing for a buy setup, since the odds favored at least a test of the high after such
a strong bull spike. However, the market never broke above the micro channel
down to bar 22, and instead broke to the downside on bar 23. That made the move
from bar 20 to bar 22 the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bull trend, even though it never had a bull
breakout. Once the large bar 23 bear trend bar formed, the bulls gave up on their be-
lief that there should be at least one more push up, and instead looked for at least
a measured move down, based on the height of the ﬂag. Bears also saw the bear
breakout and expected the same thing. Since there was no one to buy for the next
several points on the downside, the market fell quickly into the close. As the mar-
ket fell, the absence of pullbacks triggered momentum sell programs, contributing
to the strength of the sell-off.
Once a strong bull spike has a bar with a big tail on the top or a bear body,
traders usually can buy the close for one ﬁnal scalp before the market corrects.
The bar before bar 20 had a large tail on the top, and astute traders wondered if it
was a sign that the market might soon pull back. Since bar 20 was also the third

Figure 7.6
FINAL FLAGS
209
push up from the bar 14 low, traders suspected that it could have been a climactic
top. However, if the market had created a reasonable buy setup during the pullback,
they would have placed buy stops above the signal bar to make sure to get long. The
market never traded above the high of any prior bar, and a bull who wanted to enter
on a buy stop above the high of the prior bar never got stopped into a long.
Bars 15, 17, and 20 formed a parabolic wedge top, which is a type of buy climax.

210
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.7
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Sep08]
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1259.50  -7.50  -0.59%  MAX 20 (20)  1260.37
1,249.00
1,253.00
1,251.00
1,257.00
1,255.00
1,259.00
1,263.00
1,265.00
1,261.00
1,267.00
1,269.00
1,271.00
1,273.00
1,275.00
1,277.00
1,279.00
1,281.00
1,283.00
1,285.00
1,287.00
1,289.00
13:00
12:30
12:00
11:30
7:00
7/3
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
7:00
7/7
9:30
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
6
7
8
9
1,259.50
FIGURE 7.7
Small Final Flag and Big Reversal
Small ﬁnal ﬂags can set up opening reversals. In Figure 7.7, bar 3 was a huge bear
trend bar that followed three other strong bear trend bars after the market gapped
above the bear trend line. The bar 2 breakout above the bear channel failed.
Bar 4 was the setup for a short off a small bear ﬂag. Given the climactic be-
havior of the market to this point and yesterday’s trend line break, traders were
looking for this to be a ﬁnal ﬂag that would lead to a reversal up after a test of the
bar 1 bear low.
Bar 5 was another huge bear trend bar and bar 6 was an ii long entry, with the
expectation of a rally that would last at least 10 bars and have at least two legs up.
Bar 5 had about 105,000 contracts, which is about 10 times greater than the average
volume or recent quiet bars, and therefore was supportive of a possible consecutive
sell climax bottom. The second leg ended at bar 9 on the following day. The strength
of the downward momentum demonstrated by the large bear trend bars would usu-
ally result in traders pushing the market down for a test of the low within a day or
two. Although it is not shown, the bar 9 high led to a sell-off later that day that went
far below the bar 5 low. Traders look for consecutive sell climaxes as opportunities
to buy. Many bears bought back their shorts around the close of bar 5, and aggres-
sive bulls went long. Others bought as bar 6 broke out above the bull ii pattern,
expecting the second attempt to reverse up from yesterday’s low to be a possible
low of the day. They might have risked as many ticks as bar 5 was tall, or maybe two
or three points. Their proﬁt targets included the bar 5 high, a test of the moving av-
erage, a measured move up based on the height of bar 5, and a new high of the day.

Figure 7.8
FINAL FLAGS
211
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Sep08]
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1259.50  -7.50  -0.59%  MAX 20 (20)  1260.37
1,331.00
1,333.00
1,335.00
1,337.00
1,339.00
1,341.00
1,343.00
1,345.00
1,347.00
1,349.00
1,351.00
1,353.00
1,355.00
1,357.00
1,359.00
1,361.00
1,363.00
1,365.00
1,367.00
13:00
12:30
12:00
11:30
7:00
6/13
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
6/16
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
6
7
FIGURE 7.8
Two-Bar Final Flag
A one- or two-bar ﬁnal ﬂag can lead to a big reversal, even after a strong bull spike.
This is more likely on the open, when sharp reversals are common. In Figure 7.8,
bar 3 was a two-bar pullback after a huge and possibly climactic bull trend bar, and
therefore it was a possible ﬁnal ﬂag.
Bar 4 was an ii setup for a ﬁnal ﬂag short that was likely to lead to a two-legged,
protracted correction, which it did. The bar 3 bull ﬂag turned out to be the ﬁnal ﬂag,
and its breakout failed and reversed down after bar 4. Note that the second bar of
the ii pattern had a bear close, which is always desirable when a trader is looking
to short.
The strong momentum up to the bar 4 high made traders drive the market up
to test the trend extreme later in the day.
Bars 3 to 5 evolved into a larger wedge-shaped bull ﬂag where bar 3 was the
ﬁrst push down and bar 5 was the third. The second push down was three bars
before bar 5. This became a ﬁnal ﬂag when the market reversed down at the bar 6
lower high.
The rally to bar 6 was a wedge bear ﬂag and lower high major trend reversal,
where the bar before bar 5 was the ﬁrst push up.
Bar 7 reversed up from an inside bar, and that bar was the ﬁnal ﬂag of the
sell-off.

212
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.9
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESH09.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Mar 2009
ESH09.D - 5 min CME  L=930.50  3.00  0.32%
923
924
925
926
927
928
929
930
931
932
933
934
935
936
937
938
939
940
941
942
943
944
7:00
1/6
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
1/7
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
6
7
8
9
FIGURE 7.9
Small Final Flags Commonly Evolve into Larger Final Flags
As shown in Figure 7.9, bar 2 was a successful short scalp from the breakout of the
one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag that preceded it. The pattern then grew into a larger wedge bear
ﬂag (another ﬁnal ﬂag) that ended at bar 3. The ﬁrst leg up was the top of the ﬁrst
small ﬁnal ﬂag, which was the bull inside bar before bar 2. The second leg up was
the large inside bar after bar 2. There was a small tail on the top of the bull bar,
and the next bar had a smaller body. That tail and the smaller bar created the pause
from the initial move up from the bar 2 low to the top of the bull bar after bar 2. The
ﬁnal push up was to bar 3. This was probably more clearly a wedge on a smaller
time frame chart, but can be inferred from what was present here. Other traders
saw this as simply a low 2 short where bar 2 was the low 1 entry bar.
The market reversed up at bar 4 and the pattern grew into a larger wedge bear
ﬂag that ended at bar 6. The ﬁrst push up was to bar 3, and the next two legs up
ended at bar 5 (or the swing high after it) and bar 6. Other traders saw bar 5 as the
ﬁrst push up and bar 6 as the third. The small spike and channel up that ended at
bar 5 had two small legs, and the rally up to bar 6 after bar 5 had two clearer legs.
The breakout of the bear wedge resulted in a successful scalp, but not a new
swing low. This bar 7 higher low major trend reversal was tested by bar 8, which
formed a double bottom bull ﬂag and a second entry for the higher low major trend
reversal. The rally that followed created a larger bear wedge that ended at bar 9.
The ﬁrst two legs up were the bars 3 and 6 highs. It was irrelevant that a lower

Figure 7.9
FINAL FLAGS
213
low developed at bar 4 after the ﬁrst push up at bar 3, because this was a common
wedge variant.
Why the insistence of seeing everything as larger and larger bear ﬂags? Be-
cause they were there, and the market was therefore telling traders that it had not
reversed into a strong bull trend. The bulls failed in their breakout attempt above
the bar 8 double bottom bull ﬂag and head and shoulders bottom. The market re-
versed down at the bar 9 top of the channel that followed this spike up, and the
failure was also from just above the trend channel line from bar 3 to bar 6. This
head and shoulders bottom did what most head and shoulders bottoms do. It be-
came a bear ﬂag (this one was slightly sloping up so it was more of a wedge than
a triangle) and a continuation pattern, instead of a reversal pattern. The market
broke below the bar 4 low on the next day.

214
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.10
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Mar11]
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1280.25  4.00  0.31%  MAX 20 (20)  1280.67
1273.00
1274.00
1275.00
1276.00
1277.00
1278.00
1279.00
1280.00
1281.00
1282.00
1283.00
1284.00
1285.00
1286.00
1287.00
1288.00
1289.00
13:00
12:30
7:00
1/21
7:30
8:30
8:00
9:00
10:00
9:30
10:30
11:30
11:00
12:00
12:30
13:00
1/24
1
3
2
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 7.10
Final Flags Do Not Have to Break Out in the With-Trend Direction
As shown in Figure 7.10, after the gap up and strong bull spike up to bar 5, traders
were uncertain if there was going to be an opening reversal down and a high of
the day or a high 1 bull ﬂag and then a bull channel. They watched carefully as the
market pulled back from the bar 5 high. From bar 5 to bar 6, traders thought that
the market might be forming a bull ﬂag. However, bar 7 was a large bear trend bar
that closed on its low and below the bottom of the bar 4 large bull trend bar. Bar
7 closed many ticks below the bar before it and therefore was an attempt to form
a breakaway gap. Many traders shorted as soon as it closed and put a stop above
its high, expecting that the market was ﬂipping to always-in short and would likely
have good follow-through selling. Bar 5 might have been the high of the day, and
if the market fell below the bar 3 low of the day, it might have a measured move
down. Most traders at this point believed that bar 5 was a good candidate for a high
of the day. The follow-through over the next several bars convinced traders that the
market was now always-in short. They were looking for a breakout below the bar 3
bottom of the opening range and then about a measured move down. Bar 14 was
an exact measured move down from the opening range breakout, and many bears
took proﬁts there.

Figure 7.10
FINAL FLAGS
215
Since traders saw bar 5 to bar 6 as a bull ﬂag, it was the ﬁnal ﬂag of the rally,
even though there was never an upside breakout.
Bar 16 was a double bottom or slightly lower low major trend reversal, but was
followed by a trading range instead of a bull trend. Major trend reversals are more
often followed by trading ranges instead of trends in the opposite direction.

216
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 7.11
TradeStation Chart Analysis - $INDU Monthly [US] Dow Jones Industrial Average
$INDU - Monthly US  L=11897.27  -178.84  -1.48%  aClock (true,true,2,false,0,15,darkgray,red,...
$INDU - Monthly U...
$INDU - Monthly U...
500.00
1500.00
2500.00
3500.00
4500.00
5500.00
6500.00
7500.00
8500.00
9500.00
10500...
11500...
12500...
13500...
14500...
15500...
‘88
‘89
‘90
‘91
‘92
‘93
‘94
‘95
‘96
‘97
‘98
‘99
‘00
‘03
‘05
‘06
‘07
‘09
‘11
Jul
‘0
Created with TradeStation
1
3
2
4
5
6
78
9
10
10
11
11
12
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
18
19
19
20
20
21
22
23
24
25
FIGURE 7.11
Small Final Flags after Climaxes
The monthly chart of the Dow Jones Industrial Average shown in Figure 7.11 had
many one- and two-bar ﬁnal ﬂags after climaxes. Some led to reversals, like at
bars 8, 12, 16, and 19 (the thumbnails show close-ups of bars 12 and 19), whereas
others led to pullbacks, like bars 5, 10 (the left-hand thumbnail shows a close-up),
13, and 21. Some ended up as just ordinary ﬂags and not the ﬁnal ﬂags in the move,
like bars 4, 15, and 23, and some triggered but failed to reverse the market and
became pullbacks in the trend (bars 13 and 21 are examples of failed ﬁnal ﬂags,
because the market reversed down after the ﬂags, but the reversals failed and the
bull trends resumed at bars 14 and 23). Once there is a climax, then a brief ﬂag,
and then a breakout of that ﬂag, the breakout is often strong enough to be another
climax. Consecutive climaxes are prone to be followed by a reversal that can last
about 10 bars and have about two legs. When they occur at a signiﬁcant support
or resistance level, they can lead to strong reversals, like at bar 20. As the market
was breaking below bar 19, I told many friends that it could lead to a strong bull
reversal because there was a 20-year-long bull trend line just below the bar 18 bear
low. There was also the support of the bar 11 low, which led to a double bottom
bull ﬂag. Traders are aware of a possible lower high at bar 25, which many would
see as the right shoulder of a potential head and shoulders top. I have been telling
friends for the past couple of months that bar 24 could be the ﬁnal ﬂag of the rally.
If so, the reversal should last for about 10 bars (10 months) and have at least two
legs. It should ﬁnd support at either the bar 22 high, the bar 23 low, the moving
average (not shown), or the bar 20 low.

C H A P T E R 8
Double Top and
Bottom Pullbacks
I
f a market forms a double bottom after a sell-off, and before the bull trend takes
off, and it then has a higher low pullback that tests just above the double bottom
low, this is a double bottom pullback long setup. The double bottom does not
have to be exact, and the second bottom is often slightly lower than the ﬁrst, making
the pattern sometimes also a head and shoulders bottom. If the second bottom does
not at least reach the ﬁrst, there is a risk that the bottom is forming only a two-
legged sideways to up correction, thereby making it better to look for a scalp long
rather than a swing. A double bottom (or top) pullback pattern can be thought of as
a three-push bottom (or a triple bottom or triangle) where the third push down did
not have strong-enough sellers to create a new low. The pattern always forms at a
support level, as does every move up in a bear trend. If the move up from the ﬁrst
of the three bottoms is strong enough, traders will wonder if the trend is evolving
into a trading range or even a reversal into a bull trend. In a trading range, every
move down is a bull ﬂag and every move up is a bear ﬂag. If the market is in the
early stages of a bull trend, then every move down is also a bull ﬂag. Whether the
market is entering a trading range or a new bull trend, the sell-off from the ﬁrst
rally is a bull ﬂag, even though it falls to around the level of the ﬁrst bottom. The
rally off the double bottom is a breakout of the bull ﬂag. The pullback (which is
the third move down) from the move up off the double bottom is also a bull ﬂag,
whether it ends above the double bottom and forms a double bottom pullback (or
a triangle), it ends at the level of the double bottom and forms a triple bottom, or it
falls below the double bottom and reverses up and forms a failed breakout below a
double bottom (basically, a type of ﬁnal ﬂag reversal). It is also a pullback from that
second bull ﬂag, so the rally off the third push down is a breakout pullback from the
217

218
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
breakout above the second bull ﬂag. It does not matter where the third push down
ends, and it also does not matter if the overall pattern looks like a triple bottom,
a triangle, a head and shoulders bottom, a ﬁnal ﬂag, or a double bottom pullback,
because the signiﬁcance is the same. The third reversal up creates a three-push
down reversal pattern, and traders need to be looking for opportunities to get long.
When the market forms a double bottom pullback and the shape is good and the
bull reversal bars for the three bottoms are strong, especially if the ﬁnal one is
strong, the pattern is one of the most reliable buy setups.
The move up from the second bottom is usually a breakout, even though it may
last for only a couple of bars. The pullback is therefore a breakout pullback, which
is one of the most reliable setups. It can also be thought of as two failed attempts
to exceed the prior extreme (often a low 2), and two failed attempts usually lead
to a reversal. Some technicians say that triple bottoms and tops always fail and
always become continuation patterns, but they require that the three extremes be
identical to the tick. With that strict deﬁnition, the pattern is so rare that it is not
worth mentioning. Also, it is simply arrogant to tell the market that you will not
allow it to do something, and arrogance always costs you money because it is the
market and not you that gets to say what can and will happen. Traders will make
much more money by using loose deﬁnitions. When something resembles a reliable
pattern, it will likely trade like the reliable pattern.
This is a reversal pattern and not a continuation pattern, like the double bottom
bull ﬂag. Both are long entry setups, but one is the beginning of the trend (a reversal
pattern) and the other takes place in an established trend (a continuation pattern),
or at least after there has been one strong leg.
Likewise, if there is a double top in a bull trend and there is then a pullback that
reaches close to the high, this double top pullback is a good short setup. Again, it
does not matter what shape the three-push top takes because the signiﬁcance is the
same. If the signal bar is strong and there is good selling pressure, it is a sell setup,
whether it looks like a triple top, a triangle, a head and shoulders top, a ﬁnal ﬂag,
or a double top pullback.
Sometimes there will be both a double top and a double bottom in the same
trading range. The result is usually a triangle, which means that the market is in
breakout mode. The market tends to move back to the middle of the range and
then test either the top or the bottom, and that third push establishes the triangle.
If the range is big enough, traders can scalp shorts as the market reverses down
and longs as it reverses up. If the setup is good, the probability of success is about
60 percent for a reward that is at least as large as the risk. If the trading range is too
tight, traders can choose to either swing a long or short, or wait for the breakout.
If the breakout is strong, trade in its direction, because the probability of a reward
that is at least as large as the risk is often 70 percent or more. If it fails, trade in the
opposite direction.

Figure 8.1
DOUBLE TOP AND BOTTOM PULLBACKS
219
1 2
4 6
8 9
11
10
160
150
140
130
120
110
100
90
80
70
60
‘11
‘10
‘09
‘08
‘07
‘06
‘05
‘04
‘03
‘02
‘01
‘00
‘99
3 5
7
SPY - Monthly ARCX   L=127.63  −0.22  −0.17%   MAX 20 (20) 115.46
TradeStation Chart Analysis - SPY Monthly [ARCX] S&P Dep Receipts
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 8.1
Double Bottom Pullback in the Monthly SPY
As shown in Figure 8.1, the monthly SPY had a double bottom pullback buy at the
bar 7 outside bar as it went one tick above the high of the prior bar. Outside up bars
can be reliable entry bars if the bar before was a decent signal bar, as was the case
here. Other traders would have bought above the high of the outside up bar, at the
close of the bull trend bar that followed bar 7, above the high of that bull trend bar,
and at the close of the next bull trend bar, which conﬁrmed the new trend for many
traders. Buying above the high of a strong bull trend bar at the start of a move up is
a reliable trade, as can be seen by the strong bull trend bar that followed.
Bar 5 was slightly below bar 3, but this is common and actually preferable in
double bottom pullback buy patterns. Bar 6 was the breakout from the double bot-
tom, and bar 7 was the pullback that successfully tested the resolve of the breakout
traders. Many traders see these as triangles. A breakout pullback is one of the most
reliable setups. Breakout pullbacks often are head and shoulders patterns.
Bar 11 was a pullback from the bars 8 and 9 double top. Some traders saw it
as a lower high major trend reversal, a low 2 at the moving average, or a pullback
from the breakout below the double top.
Bars 1 and 2 formed a double top bear ﬂag (a continuation pattern and not a
double top, which is a reversal pattern at the end of a bull trend). A double top in a
bear trend is always a low 2 sell setup, because it is two pushes up. The bulls made
two attempts to reverse the trend and failed, and will step aside for at least a couple
of bars. This creates an absence of buyers and increases the speed and size of the
move down, as the market races to a support level where it might ﬁnd buyers again.

220
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 8.2
TradeStation Chart Analysis - AAPL 5 min [NASDAQ] Apple Inc
AAPL - 5 min NASDAQ   L=182.70  −2.94  −1.58%   MAX 20 (20) 179.86
1
1
2
3
4
5
10:00
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30 12:00 12:30
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
11:30 12:00 12:30
Jun
6/3
185.00
186.00
187.00
188.00
189.00
190.00
6
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 8.2
Bear Flag as a Double Bottom Pullback
Sometimes a bear ﬂag can be a double bottom pullback buy setup. In Figure 8.2,
the two-bar reversal at bar 1 was at the end of a large second leg down on the day
and therefore a possible reversal setup. However, a two-bar reversal is not enough
reason to buy at the bottom of a tight bear channel. Although the move up to bar 2
was small and therefore weak, neither bar 3 nor bar 4 could take out the low and
therefore they formed a double bottom bull ﬂag. Some traders saw bar 3 as the end
of a wedge bear ﬂag with the ﬁrst two pushes being four and six bars earlier. This
made bar 4 a small breakout pullback buy setup from the small breakout of the bull
ﬂag that formed two bars before bar 4. Other traders saw bar 3 as a breakout of the
bear ﬂag, but the breakout had no follow-through, which made traders wonder if
the ﬂag was a ﬁnal ﬂag and if the market was going to reverse up.
Bar 6 made an exact test of the bar 3 low and was unable to drop below it (or
below the bar 1 low), so this was a broader double bottom bull ﬂag, with bar 3 (or
bars 3 and 4) forming the ﬁrst bottom. This is also referred to as accumulation. The
institutions were defending the bar 1 low instead of attempting to run the stops,
indicating that they believed that the market was going up.
Bar 5 was a moving average gap bar, which often provides the necessary coun-
tertrend momentum to lead to a trend reversal. It broke a major trend line. Bar 6
was a higher low test of the bar 1 trend extreme and a breakout pullback from the
bar 5 bull spike. Bar 6 was also a higher low major trend reversal, three pushes
down from bar 5, and a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag reversal (from 2 bars earlier).

Figure 8.3
DOUBLE TOP AND BOTTOM PULLBACKS
221
7:00
171.00
172.00
173.00
172.79
174.00
175.00
176.00
177.00
178.00
179.00
180.00
181.00
182.00
183.00
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
6/13
6/12
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
1
TradeStation Chart Analysis - AAPL 5 min [NASDAQ] Apple Inc
AAPL - 5 min NASDAQ   L=172.36  −8.45  −4.67%   MAX 20 (20) 173.01
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 8.3
Weak Double Bottom Pullback
Some double bottom pullbacks just don’t look strong, and that usually means that
they are part of a bear ﬂag and not a reversal pattern. In Figure 8.3, bar 4 looked like
a setup for a double bottom pullback long, but bar 3 was 5 cents above the bar 2
low in a very strong bear trend. This slightly higher low usually negates the pattern
and makes a two-legged bear rally much more likely than a new bull trend. Also, the
ﬁrst pullback (whatever minor rally would follow bar 2) in a strong trend almost
always sets up a with-trend entry, so it was not wise to be looking for bottoms
here. However, the market rallied over $1.00 from the long entry, if a trader took
the trade. With the big tails on bars 2, 3, and 4, and with the market still in the ﬁrst
90 minutes and therefore prone to opening reversals, it was a reasonable trade. The
smartest traders would have been shorting the moving average test, which came in
the form of a triangle (there were three pushes up, with the ﬁrst coming two bars
after bar 2 and the second forming on the bar before bar 4). If you instead scalped
that long, it could have been difﬁcult to quickly switch to a shorting mentality.
Bar 8 was a double bottom pullback setup, with bar 7 being 13 cents below
the bar 6 low, but the entry never triggered (the bar after bar 8 was unable to
take out the high of bar 8). Again, bottom picking in a strong bear trend without
a prior strong trend line break is not a good approach. The market was in a tight
bear channel, and channels usually last much longer than what seems reasonable.

222
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 8.3
Traders should only look to buy if there was ﬁrst a strong bull breakout and then a
pullback, or some other type of reversal, like the ﬁnal ﬂag reversal attempt after the
spike down from the tight trading range that ended at bar 11. Even then, in the ab-
sence of a prior rally, any reversal was more likely to lead to a trading range instead
of a bull trend, and therefore any long was only a scalp.
Bar 11 was a third attempt at the bottom formation. The low of bar 10 was
2 cents above the low of the bar 9. Traders who bought the double bottom would
have exited or they would have reversed to short at the bar 11 low 2 at the moving
average. The most experienced traders would not have bought the weak double bot-
tom; instead they would have waited, expecting it to fail, and would have shorted
the low 2 at bar 11.
At the end of the day there was a small double bottom bull ﬂag followed by an
inside bar. Since an inside bar is a pause and therefore a type of pullback, the inside
bar completed a small double bottom pullback buy setup.
Bars 2 and 3 formed a double bottom, but there was also a double top within
that trading range. Whenever there is both a double bottom and a double top within
a trading range, there is usually a move back to the middle, which establishes a
triangle, as was the case here at bar 4. The trading range continued sideways and,
as expected, eventually broke out in the direction of the trend that preceded it.

Figure 8.4
DOUBLE TOP AND BOTTOM PULLBACKS
223
1,351.00
1,352.00
1,353.00
1,354.00
1,355.00
1,356.00
1,357.00
1,358.00
1,359.00
1,360.00
1,361.00
1,362.00
1,363.00
1,364.00
1,365.00
1,366.00
1,367.00
1,368.00
1,369.00
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
13:00
7:00
Created with TradeStation
6/17
9:30
9:00
8:30
8:00
7:30
7:00
6/16
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
ESU08.D - 5 min CME   L=1360.00  0.25  0.02%   MAX 20 (20) 1362.81
TradeStation Chart Analysis - ESU08.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Sep 2008
FIGURE 8.4
Double Bottom and Top Pullbacks
As shown in Figure 8.4, the Emini today had both double bottom and top pullback
reversals. Bars 1 and 2 formed a double bottom, although at ﬁrst glance bar 1 might
be easy to overlook. The bottom of an entry bar has protective stops below it and
it will often be tested, as it was by bar 2, and two moves down to the same level
is a double bottom, even if the ﬁrst one is not a swing low. With the big tail on the
bottom of bar 1, there was almost certainly a 1 minute higher low (and in fact there
was). Bar 3 was a deep pullback that tested the double bottom, so it was a second
attempt to run the stops. It could not even get as close as the ﬁrst attempt at the
bar 2 low before the bears pulled out and the bulls took control. Some traders saw
bars 2 and 3 as a double bottom bull ﬂag, while others thought of them as a triple
bottom bull ﬂag or a double bottom pullback. It does not matter which feature you
think is more important, because they all are buy setups.
Bars 4 and 5 created a double bottom bull ﬂag on this trending trading range
day. This double bottom was tested by the bar 6 pullback, forming a large double
bottom pullback. You could have called it a triple bottom as well, but that term
would not add any trading beneﬁt here so it was not worth using. A trader might
also see it as a double bottom major trend reversal from the small bear trend that
ended at bar 6 (all bull ﬂags are small bear trends).

224
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 8.4
Bar 7 was similar to bar 1, in that it was also an entry bar. It and bar 8 formed
a subtle double top. Also, the two-bar reversal just before bar 7 was a push up,
and the doji bar just before bar 7 was a second push up; together they formed a
double top. It does not matter which pattern you think is more important since
they are both topping patterns. All you need to know is that the market is trying to
turn down.
Bar 8 tried to run the protective stops above the bar 7 short entry bar, but failed.
Bar 9 was a second attempt and failed at an even lower price, creating a double top
pullback short setup with an entry on a stop at one tick below the low of bar 9.
This short formed a ﬁve-tick failure and set up a good reversal to a long on a stop
above the two-bar reversal at the moving average. Bar 10 was the entry bar. This
wedge pullback bull ﬂag tested the top of the bar 4 to bar 6 trading range, and was
a breakout test.
Bars 11 and 12 formed a double top bear ﬂag short setup, and alerted traders
to look for a later double top pullback short setup. The bar 13 bull trend bar was an
attempt to rally and test the double top and an attempt to form a high 2.
Bar 14 was a lower high pullback that failed at the moving average, and was a
double top pullback short setup as well.

C H A P T E R 9
Failures
A
failure is any trade that does not reach its goal, resulting in either a smaller
proﬁt or, more commonly, a loss. For a scalper, the goal is a scalper’s proﬁt,
but if traders were expecting more and the market failed to meet their
expectations, even if it provided a scalper’s proﬁt, it is still a failure. Every failed
bull setup is a sign of weakness by the bulls and strength by the bears and every
failed sell setup is a sign of weakness by the bears and strength by the bulls. Since
the most common good setups have about a 60 percent success rate, they have
about a 40 percent failure rate. When a setup fails, it often creates an excellent
setup for a trade in the opposite direction. The traders who were just forced out
will be hesitant to reenter in the same direction, making the market one-sided. In
addition, as they exit with their losses, they drive the market even further in the
opposite direction.
This chapter discusses some of the more common occurrences of patterns that
fail and reverse enough for a scalp. When the pattern is large enough and the con-
text is right, they sometimes can even lead to a major trend reversal. It is critical to
understand that every pattern fails some of the time, and traders should accept that
as a normal occurrence. Look at a failure as a potential opportunity, because, as
mentioned, it will often set up a proﬁtable trade in the opposite direction. At other
times the failure will result in a second signal in the direction of the original setup.
Here are some of the common failures that often lead to trades in the opposite
direction:
r Failed high 1, high 2, low 1, or low 2.
r Failed breakout of anything, like a swing high or low, a trend line, or a trend
channel line.
225

226
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
r Failure to break through a magnet, like a measured move target, a prior swing
high or low, a trend line, or a trend channel line.
r Failed ﬁnal ﬂag (the reversal attempt fails and sets up a breakout pullback).
r Failed wedge.
r Failed signal bar or entry bar.
r Failed one-tick breakout.
r Failed reversal, like a failed double bottom or top or a failed head and shoulders
pattern.
r Failure to reach a proﬁt target, like a ﬁve-, nine-, or 17-tick failure in the Eminis
or an 11, 51, 99, or 101 cent failure in a stock.
Some failures are a sign of a strong trend and set up a with-trend trade:
r Failure to fall below the low of the prior bar in a strong bull trend or to rally
above the high of the prior bar in a strong bear trend. This indicates urgency
and a strong trend.
r Failure of a pullback to reach the moving average. This indicates urgency and
a strong trend.
r Failure to reach a magnet, like a measured move target, a prior swing high or
low, a trend line, or a trend channel line. This often leads to a pullback and then
another attempt to reach the magnet.
If a trade makes a scalper’s proﬁt (and therefore the trader exited some or all
of the position) and then comes back and takes out the original signal or entry bar
stops, there is much less fuel left in the market to drive the market in this new,
opposite direction because there are far fewer traders who are trapped in the trade
(they already exited with proﬁts). Also, many of the scalpers would exit the balance
of their positions at breakeven after taking partial proﬁts, so their stops would be
tighter than the original ones beyond the entry or signal bars.
Although a minor reversal might just be a reversal in a trading range that is
good for only a scalp, it can sometimes turn into or be a part of a major reversal
of a trend. The single most reliable failure is a ﬂag in a trend. As a ﬂag is forming,
countertrend traders are hoping for a trend reversal, which is a low-probability bet
because markets have inertia and trends resist reversal attempts. For example, if
there is a strong bull trend and then a reversal setup, some traders will go short.
However, if the trade instead goes sideways to down to the moving average and
sets up a high 2 there with a bull signal bar, that bear reversal attempt will likely
fail. This is a great buy signal because you are entering in the direction of a larger
trend and it is reasonable to expect at least a test of the prior extreme of the trend.
Any reversal pattern, including major reversal patterns, can fail and result in the
resumption of a trend.

FAILURES
227
When traders enter a trade, many place a protective stop at one tick beyond
the signal bar. After the entry bar closes, if it is strong, many move it to one tick
beyond the entry bar. How do you know this? By simply looking at charts. Look
at any chart and ﬁnd possible signal and entry bars and see what happens when
a bar reverses beyond them. So much of the time, the reversal will be in the form
of a strong trend bar, and most of the time the move will be enough for at least a
scalper’s proﬁt. This is because once traders get ﬂushed out of a new position with
a loss, they become more cautious and want more price action before reentering
in the same direction. This leaves the market in the hands of just one side, so the
move is usually fast and big enough for a scalp.
Why is a one-tick failed breakout so common, especially in the Eminis? With
stocks, failures often come on 1 to 10 cent breakouts, depending on the price of the
stock and the personality of the stock. Every stock has distinct characteristics in its
trading, presumably because many of the same people trade it every day, so a small
group of traders trading sufﬁcient volume can move the market enough to create
recurring patterns. If the market is sideways to down in a weak bull trend, many
traders will believe that if the current bar extends one tick above the prior bar,
traders will buy there on a stop. Most smart traders will expect this. However, if
enough other traders with enough volume feel that the correction has not extended
deep enough or long enough (for example, if they believe that a two-legged move
is likely), those traders might actually go short at the high or at one tick above the
prior bar. If their volume overwhelms the new longs and not enough new longs
come to the rescue, the market will likely trade down for a tick or two.
At this point, the new longs are feeling nervous. If their entry was at such a
great price, why didn’t more buyers come in? Also, now that the market is even a
tick or two cheaper, this should look like even better value to traders looking to
get long. This should quickly drive the price up, but the longer the market stays
down even just a couple of ticks, the more new bulls will become concerned that
they may be wrong. Some will start selling out at the market, adding to the offers,
and others will place sell exit orders at one or two ticks lower, maybe basing these
orders on a 1 or 3 minute chart, with the order one tick below the most recent bar.
Once these are hit, these new buyers will also become sellers, pushing the price
further down. Also, the original shorts will sense that the new longs are trapped,
and many will increase their short positions. As price falls three, four, or ﬁve ticks,
the stopped-out buyers will switch from looking to buy to waiting for more price
action to unfold. In the absence of buyers, the price will continue to fall in search of
enough bids to satisfy the sellers. At some point, sellers will begin to cover and take
proﬁts, slowing the price fall, and buyers will again begin to buy. Once the buying
pressure overtakes the selling pressure, the price will then go up again.
A one-tick failed breakout on the 5 minute chart when it occurs in a trading
range is often also a one-tick failed breakout on a higher time frame, like a 15 or

228
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
60 minute chart. If that is the case, why doesn’t the 60 minute chart have a lot of
one-tick failed breakouts? That is because many of the one-tick failed breakouts
pull back for many bars on the 5 minute chart and then break out again. The result
is that even though there was a one-tick failed breakout of the 60 minute chart as
the 60 minute bar was forming, by the time the bar closed, the breakout extended
to more than one tick.
A one-tick failure is a common source of losses for new traders. They will see
what they believe is a good setup—for example, a buy—and they conﬁdently place
a buy stop order at one tick above the high of the prior bar. Maybe there is a two-
bar reversal just above the moving average, but it overlaps the prior two bars com-
pletely and the long entry is at the top of the small trading range. Novice traders
will see the strong bull trend bar and buy, but experienced traders know that this
type of two-bar reversal is usually a bull trap, and they are likely shorting where
the novice traders are buying. As expected, the market ticks up and hits the entry
buy stops of the novices, making them long. However, the very next tick is one
tick lower, then two, then three, and within 30 seconds they lose two points as
they watch their protective stops get hit. They wonder how anyone could be selling
exactly where they were buying. It was such a great setup!
These traps are common. Another example is a novice buying in a bear trend
before there was a sign of bullish strength, like a prior surge above a bear trend
line, or traders buying above a huge doji with a tiny body at the top of barbwire or
a bear ﬂag that they misread as a reversal, overcome by their eagerness to get in
early in what they perceive as an overdone bear trend.
Another common situation is when there is a huge trend bar with a tiny tail or
no tail. If it is a bull trend bar, lots of traders will put their protective stops at one
tick below the bar. It is common for the market to work its way down over the next
ﬁve to 10 bars, hit the stops and trap traders out, and then reverse back up in the
direction of the trend bar.
What that novice trader doesn’t realize is that lots of big traders view these
as great short setups and they are happy to short, knowing that only weak hands
would be buying, and as they are ﬂushed out, they will help drive the market down.
A one-tick failure is a reliable sign that the market is going the other way, so look
for setups that allow you to enter. All of the preceding is true for down markets as
well, and all of the one-tick failures can sometimes be two ticks, and even ﬁve to 10
ticks in a $200 stock.
Breakout tests often test the entry price to the exact tick, trapping out weak
hands who will then have to chase the market and reenter at a much worse price.
A breakout test may miss the breakeven stop by one tick and at other times it will
go beyond it for a couple of ticks, but in either case, if the market reverses back
into the direction of the trend, this failed attempt to reverse the market beyond the
original entry price is a reliable with-trend setup. For example, if there is a strong

FAILURES
229
buy setup above a bull reversal bar in the Emini and the market trends up for 10 bars
but then later sells off, look to see what happens when the sell-off gets near the high
of that original bull signal bar. If there is a bar that turns up at two ticks above the
high of the signal bar, then it missed the breakeven stops by a tick. The market
failed to ﬂush the bulls out. Traders will then buy above this breakout test bar
because they will see the failure to hit the protective stops as a sign that the bulls
were aggressively buying around the original entry price, protecting their stops and
making a statement that they are strong.
Most days have a lot of trading range price action and offer many entries on
failed swing high and low breakouts. When the price goes above a prior swing high
and the momentum is not too strong, place an order to short the higher high at one
tick below the low of the prior bar on a stop. If the order is not ﬁlled by the time the
bar closes, move the order up to one tick below the low of the bar that just closed.
Continue to do this until the current leg gets so high and has so much momentum
that you need more price action before shorting. Wait for another pullback that
breaks at least a minor trend line and then look to short a new swing high. You can
also fade new swing highs and lows on trend days after a minor trend line break
and when there is a strong reversal bar.
Similarly, the ﬁrst failed breakout below a prior swing low is a lower low buy
setup. Place an order to buy at one tick above the high of the prior bar on a stop. If
it is not ﬁlled, keep lowering the order to one tick above the high of the prior bar,
but if the market drops too far or too fast, start the process over; wait for a small
rally that breaks a minor trend line and then consider buying a failed breakout to a
new low.
In the Emini, a popular trade is a scalp for four ticks when the average daily
range is about 10 points. In a trend, there may be a series of successful scalps, but
when one hits the limit order and does not get ﬁlled, this ﬁve-tick failure is a sign
of a loss of momentum. These are also common on 1 and 3 minute charts. Since a
six-tick breakout is needed to make a four-tick scalp (one tick for the stop entry,
four ticks of proﬁt, and usually one more tick to be sure the proﬁt target limit order
is ﬁlled), a move that goes only ﬁve ticks and then reverses often indicates that the
trend traders have lost control and a pullback or reversal is imminent. Since many
traders also place limit orders to capture two-, three-, or four-point proﬁt targets, if
the market reverses at one tick shy of these targets, it is also a sign of weakness.
For example, if the market makes a signiﬁcant intraday low and then rallies 17 ticks
above the signal bar high, most traders trying to exit on limit orders with four points
of proﬁt will not get ﬁlled unless the market goes 18 ticks above the signal bar.
If instead the market hits 17 ticks and then the next bar trades below that bar,
the remaining longs who did not exit one tick early will now think about exiting,
and this often results in at least a downward scalp. Traders will assume that the
bulls were taking their proﬁt at one tick early, which means that the longs were

230
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
not conﬁdent that the market would give them the full four points. This lack of
conﬁdence can lead to proﬁt taking by the longs and aggressive shorting by the
bears. Bulls could continue to rely on their trailing stops and hope that the market
soon ﬁlls their four-point limit orders, but most traders would not be willing to risk
having a 15-tick open proﬁt turn into a two- or three-tick proﬁt in an attempt to win
that extra tick. This is the same as scalping for a one-tick proﬁt while risking 10 or
more ticks and is a losing strategy. Once the market hits 17 ticks and pulls back a
few ticks, if traders’ proﬁt-taking limit orders are not ﬁlled, they would most likely
lower their proﬁt targets by a couple of ticks and raise their trailing stops to one
tick below the low of the prior bar. If neither order is ﬁlled and the bar had a weak
or bear close, they might just exit at the market. Incidentally, if the market goes
16 ticks above the signal bar high, it has about an 80 percent chance of reaching
17 or 18 ticks. This means that it is usually unwise to exit after 16 ticks unless the
market trades below the low of the prior bar, especially if that bar is a short signal.
Most traders handle potential nine-tick failures in a similar way. If traders
bought the Emini and were trying to exit with a two-point proﬁt, their limit orders
would be nine ticks above the high of the signal bar. The market usually has to go
one more tick to ﬁll the order, which is 10 ticks above the signal bar high. If the mar-
ket hits the order but does not ﬁll it and begins to trade down, they have to decide
whether to rely on their initial stop or a trailing stop, like one tick below the low of
the most recent bar with a decent-sized bull body. If their limit order is exactly at
a resistance level, like a prior swing high, and it does not quickly break above, they
might also quickly lower their limit order by a few ticks. Once it hits nine ticks, they
should never allow the trade to turn into a loss, because they would then be risking
eight or more ticks to make one tick, and this has a terrible trader’s equation.
There are comparable failures in other markets that have many scalpers, like
the SPY and the QQQ. For both, a common proﬁt target is 10 ticks, which usually
requires a 12-tick move beyond the signal bar. If the move reaches only 10 or 11
ticks (or even eight or nine) and then reverses, it usually leads to at least a proﬁtable
scalp in the opposite direction, since the scalpers are trapped and will get out on
the reversal of the signal or entry bar. This type of failure is common with stocks
as well. For example, if a stock reliably reaches more than a dollar on a scalp, but
then falls just short on two attempts at the $1.00 target, then this is often a good
scalp in the opposite direction.
One of the most common and reliable failures is the ﬁrst spike through the
trend line. Stock traders look for these all the time on daily charts, but it happens
on all time frames. For example, if AAPL is in a strong bull market and has a bad
earnings report, it might sell off 8 percent in one day and hit the moving average on
the daily chart. Instead of looking for shorts, experienced traders will often buy on
the close of that spike down or on the open of the next day. They see this just like
a shopper sees a sale at the mall. The stock just got marked down 8 percent and

FAILURES
231
the sale won’t last long, so they quickly buy it. They know that most attempts to
reverse fail and the ﬁrst attempt almost always is followed by a new high, so they
buy it even though they are buying at the bottom of a strong bear spike.
All patterns often fail, no matter how good they look. When they do, there will
be trapped traders who will have to exit with a loss, usually at one tick beyond
the entry or signal bars. This is an opportunity for smart traders to enter for a low-
risk scalp. Place your entry stop order at exactly the same place that these trapped
traders are placing their protective stops, and you will get in where they will get
out. They won’t be eager to enter again in their original direction, which makes the
market one-sided in your direction and should lead to at least a scalp and usually a
two-legged move.

232
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.1
FIGURE 9.1
Small False Breakouts
One- and two-tick false breakouts leading to reversals are common in the 5 minute
Emini. Figure 9.1 presents six examples (the label for bar 1 is well above the bar).
Once the breakout traders enter on their stop and discover that the market is pulling
back by a tick or two instead of immediately continuing in their direction, they
start to place protective stops. Countertrend traders smell the blood and will enter
just where the trapped traders are taking their losses. Most breakout attempts fail,
especially when the market is in a trading range, and the failures are often in the
form of one-tick false breakouts. Experienced traders use the breakouts to take
proﬁts or to trade in the opposite direction, expecting that most breakouts in a
trading range will fail. For example, if a trader bought near the bottom of a trading
range, he will likely be scalping for a test of the high of the range and will often
have a limit order to sell out of his long and take proﬁts at the top of the range. In
a strong trend, they do the opposite. For example, if the market is in a bull trend,
traders instead will buy on a stop above the top of the range, since they expect
another leg up.

Figure 9.2
FAILURES
233
FIGURE 9.2
One-Tick Traps in the Emini
As shown in Figure 9.2, there were many examples of one-tick traps in these two
days in the Emini.
Bar 1 was a one-tick failed low 2 and became a breakout pullback entry for the
wedge bull ﬂag that began at 8:55 a.m. PST.
Bar 2 was a one-tick failed high 2 in barbwire that trapped traders who thought
that they were being conservative by waiting to buy above the large outside bar,
only to be trapped buying at the top of a trading range below a ﬂat moving average.
This became a double top bear ﬂag.
Bar 3 was a one-tick failed reversal in a runaway bull trend where smart traders
were eagerly waiting for any pullback to buy. They were buying below the low of the
bar, exactly where weak bears were shorting the reversal down from the breakout
above the high of the open.
Bar 4 broke one tick below the small swing low of four bars earlier and set up
a high 2 long.
Bar 5 was a large bull trend bar, and there would therefore be stops at one tick
below its low. These were run by one tick on bar 7. The bulls were able to hold the
market above the bar 4 bottom of the bull spike.
Bar 9 went one tick lower, trapping traders into what they thought was a lower
high short, but actually was a sideways bull ﬂag.

234
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.2
Bar 10 ran the breakeven protective stops for the bar 6 shorts by two ticks. It
set up a double top bear ﬂag with bar 8.
Bar 14 was one of the most reliable one-tick failures—a failed high 2 in what
novice traders erroneously assumed to be a bull pullback. This was a perfect trap
and led to a strong down move (not shown). They missed noticing the trend line
break by the pullback to bar 11 and then the higher high test at bar 12. Also, there
were ﬁve bear trend bars and one doji down from the high and no trend line break
after the bar 13 high 1. This was a bear channel after a two-bar reversal from a
higher high, and therefore it was more likely that there would be more shorts than
buyers above the high 2 signal bar. Remember, a high 2 alone is not a buy signal. It is
a buy signal at the top of a bull trend, but here the bull trend was over. The market
was now either in a trading range or in a bear trend. A high 2 is also a buy signal in
a trading range, but only at the bottom of the range, not this close to the top.

Figure 9.3
FAILURES
235
FIGURE 9.3
Breakouts beyond Signal and Entry Bar Protective Stops
Look at what happened in Figure 9.3 as the market broke through the horizontal
lines, which were one tick beyond signal and entry bars and were likely places
where traders would place their protective stops. Most of the time, there was a
trend bar and the move was big enough for a scalper to make a proﬁt. Many of the
failures on this chart were for weak setups that smart price action traders would
not have taken. However, enough traders took them so that they moved the market
in the opposite direction as they were forced out with a loss. For example, traders
who went long off the bar 4 reversal bar would have had their stops below either
the entry bar or the signal bar. Both were run by the big bar 5 bear trend bar, and
smart shorts who had their entry stops at those exact locations made at least a
scalper’s proﬁt.
As a corollary, if the extreme of the bar is tested but not exceeded, then the
stops are tested but not hit, and the trade will often be proﬁtable. If it is a protective
stop on a long entry that is missed by one tick, the test effectively forms a double
bottom bull ﬂag, with the ﬁrst bottom being the bottom of the signal or entry bar
and the second one being the bar that came back to that level but failed to reach
the protective stops.

236
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.4
FIGURE 9.4
Failed Proﬁt Targets
When the market hits a proﬁt-taking limit order price and then pulls back, most
traders would not have their limit orders ﬁlled. When the market then stalls or pulls
back for a few ticks, many of these traders will exit at the market because they do
not want to risk giving back any more of their open proﬁt. This adds fuel to any
correction and is often a sign that the market is trying to reverse.
As shown in Figure 9.4, the market rallied for 21 ticks above bar 2 and then
reversed down. Some traders who bought one tick above the bar 2 signal bar had
limit orders to exit their longs with ﬁve points of proﬁt, 21 ticks above the signal
bar high, but most would not have been ﬁlled unless the market went one tick
higher. Instead, the market reversed, and many of those traders quickly got out of
the market as they tried to salvage as much proﬁt as they could before waiting to
see if the market would go all the way back to their entry price.
Bar 7 was a 17-tick failure for bulls who had bought one tick above the bar 6
buy signal bar. Many traders who were trying to make a four-point proﬁt saw the
market reach their limit order at 17 ticks above the signal bar high and exited once
the market fell below the low of that bar. Traders who correctly believed that the
trend was strong, and were, instead, swinging their longs and not trying to exit at
four points, would rely on a breakeven stop. Once the market moved above the
bar 7 high, they would then trail their stops to one tick below bar 8, the most recent
higher low.

Figure 9.4
FAILURES
237
Bars 4, 8, 20, and 30 were examples of ﬁve-tick failures on short trades. Most
shorts needed the market to fall six ticks below the bottom of the signal bar for
their proﬁt-taking limit order for a four-tick scalp to get ﬁlled. Some traders would
have had their orders ﬁlled, but most would not have been ﬁlled.
Bar 9 was a 13-tick failure for longs who bought above bar 8, hoping to make a
three-point proﬁt.
Bars 16 and 24 were nine-tick failures for traders who tried to make two points.
They would not let those trades turn into a loss and would trail their stops. For
example, they would exit the bar 16 signal bar long at one tick below the bar 17
low, or possibly on the bear close of bar 17. They might exit the long from above the
bar 23 buy signal at one tick below the bear bar that formed two bars after bar 24.

238
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.5
FIGURE 9.5
Trading Range Breakouts Usually Fail
When there is strong two-sided trading, breakouts above swing highs and below
swing lows usually fail.
As shown in Figure 9.5, the rally to bar 1 was strong, but since opening reversals
are often sharp and it was a higher high (above the swing high near yesterday’s
close) that broke above a bull trend channel line, it was a reasonable short.
The bar 2 pullback after the bar 1 swing high was deep, and the bars since the
open had been large with big tails. There was two-sided volatile trading and until a
bull trend clearly developed, traders should have assumed that both bulls and bears
were active. Since this had not proven itself yet to be a bull trend day, it should have
been traded as a trading range day.
Bar 3 was a higher high since it was a swing high that was above an earlier
swing high. The momentum up to bar 3 was too strong to consider a short without
a second entry or a strong reversal bar, but if a trader shorted, the move down was
26 cents, so it could have been minimally proﬁtable.
Bar 5 was a higher high and a reasonable short, especially since it had two
small legs (there was a bear trend bar in the middle that represented the end of the
ﬁrst leg up from bar 4). The market dropped only 18 cents before going back up. A
nimble trader might have taken some off, but most would have just scratched the
trade with a 4 cent loss.

Figure 9.5
FAILURES
239
Bar 7 was part of this same up move so it was a second-entry (a low 2) short.
Bar 7 was a double top with bar 5 to the penny, and essentially a truncated three-
push up pattern (bars 3, 5, and 7), so two down legs were likely.
Bar 10 was a lower low and the second leg down in a possible larger bull trend.
Its low was above the bar 2 low, so the market might still have been forming large
bull trending swings. Two legs down in a bull trend or sideways market, especially
two pushes below a ﬂat moving average, are always a good long.
Bar 11 was a higher high because it was above the bar 9 swing high, even though
bar 9 was part of the prior down leg. There would still have been traders who would
have traded there (there would have been stops on shorts, stops to buy the break-
out, and new shorts), because going above any prior swing high is a sign of strength
and a potential fade on a trading range day (look for breakouts to fail and signs of
strength to lack follow-through).
Bar 13 was one tick below bar 11 and was a double top bear ﬂag and therefore
a short setup. It was two legs up from bar 10 and the second leg above a ﬂat moving
average (bar 11 was the ﬁrst).
Bar 14 was a lower low for both the swing lows at bars 10 and 12.
Incidentally, the longs from bars 10 and 14 were both failed overshoots of a
bear trend channel line drawn from bars 4 and 8. This increased the chances of
successful long trades. Both had two-bar reversal setups. Bar 10 was the bottom of
a wedge bull ﬂag, and bar 14 was the bottom of an expanding triangle bull ﬂag.

240
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.6
FIGURE 9.6
Failed Breakouts in AMZN
Amazon (AMZN) had many large one-bar failed breakouts beyond swing highs and
lows on the 5 minute chart shown in Figure 9.6. After the climactic run-up on the
open and then the large reversal down, the bulls and the bears both demonstrated
strength and increased the odds that any move by one side would be reversed by the
other throughout the day. This made a trading range likely. All of the labeled bars
were failed breakouts. The tight trading range began after bar 3, and turned into
a small expanding triangle top that ended at bar 6 and then an expanding triangle
bottom that ended at bar 7. The rally from the bottom failed to break out of the top
and instead formed a double top with bar 6, and the market sold off into the close.

Figure 9.7
FAILURES
241
FIGURE 9.7
Trading Range Breakouts Usually Fail
When a day appears to be developing into a trading range day, traders expect break-
outs to fail and they look to fade them. As shown in Figure 9.7, by midday it was
clear that the day was small and sideways, which greatly increased the chances that
breakouts would likely fail. Bars 1, 2, and 3 were second entries on breakout fades.
The trend bar leading up to the bar 3 top was large and had big volume, sucking in
lots of hopeful bulls who bet that there might ﬁnally be a trend. This is always a low-
probability bet on a small day, and it is much better to fade the breakouts or look
for strong breakout pullbacks. The breakouts to the bar 1 low and the bar 2 high
were weak (prominent tails, overlapping bars), so it was likely both times that the
breakouts would fail. The breakout that ended in bar 3 never had a breakout pull-
back to give the bulls a low-risk long, so the only trade was the second-entry short.

242
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.8
FIGURE 9.8
Trapping Traders out of Good Trades
Apple (AAPL) has been one of the best-behaved stocks for day traders, but like
many other stocks, it sometimes traps traders out of great trades by running stops
at the start of a reversal, as shown in Figure 9.8.
Traders bought the double bottom bull ﬂag at bar 1 by entering either three
or six bars later as the market went above the high of the prior bar. There was a
rally above the moving average that broke the trend line, and the moving average
gap bar short led to the bar 2 test of the bear low. Many bulls had their protective
stops below the bar 1 double bottom bull ﬂag. Bar 2 dipped below bar 1 by a tick
and trapped the longs out, but it formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 1, which
led to a reversal that carried into the next day. The one-tick failed breakout below
bar 1 trapped bulls out and bears in. The move down to bar 2 was in a tight bear
channel, and it was the third push down and therefore a high 3 buy setup. A high 3
is a more reliable setup in a tight channel than a high 2, because channels often
reverse up after a third push down. What made this long especially good was that it
trapped new longs out and immediately reversed up on them, so psychologically it
would have been difﬁcult for them to buy. They would have chased the market up,
entering late, thereby adding fuel to the upswing.

Figure 9.9
FAILURES
243
FIGURE 9.9
Double Tops and Bottoms in the First Hour
Stocks commonly form double top or bottom ﬂags in the ﬁrst hour (see Figure 9.9).
Most are tradable, but always scalp out part of your position and move your stop to
breakeven in case the pattern fails.
Bars 2 and 4 formed a double top bear ﬂag that failed. The market then formed
a bars 3 and 5 double bottom bull ﬂag.
You then had to reverse again at the bar 4 and 6 double top bear ﬂag, but you
would have netted 70 cents from your long. At this point, you knew that the market
was forming a trading range, likely a triangle.
Bar 7 was another failure, but a good long since trading ranges following a
strong move (the rally to bar 1) are usually continuation patterns, and bars 3, 5, and
7 all found support at the moving average.
The sell-off to bar 9 was seven bars long with no bullish strength, so it would
have been better to wait for a second entry, despite bar 9 being a higher low (com-
pared to bar 7). It was likely to fail to go far.
The breakout pullback at bar 10 was a perfect second entry.

244
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.10
FIGURE 9.10
Failed Double Bottom Bull Flag
As shown in Figure 9.10, bar 4 was a setup for a double bottom bull ﬂag entry, but it
failed with the bar 5 low 2, which was a pullback from the strong bear spike down
to bar 4. This led to a breakout below the double bottom and then a two-legged
move to bar 7. There were several choices for getting short, like below bar 5, one
or two ticks below the bar 4 low, on the close of the bar that broke below bar 4, or
on the close of the next bar, which was a strong follow-through bar.

Figure 9.11
FAILURES
245
FIGURE 9.11
Most Head and Shoulders Patterns Fail
As shown in Figure 9.11, bars 5 and 11 were right shoulders of head and shoulders
bottoms, most of which fail, as they did here (bars 1 and 9 were the left shoulders).
The shape alone is not enough reason to place a countertrend trade. You always
want to see some earlier countertrend strength prior to the reversal pattern. Even
then, there are no guarantees that the trade will be successful. Bar 2 broke a trend
line and the rally to bar 4 was strong, although its failure to exceed the bar 2 high
was a sign of weakness. Although most smart traders would not have reversed to
short at the bar 6 failure after the bar 5 double bottom bull ﬂag and long entry,
they would have moved their stops to breakeven, thinking that if the stops were
hit but the trade was still good, the stop run would set up a breakout pullback long
setup. Here, the stops were hit but the market kept selling off. The one-bar breakout
pullback just after the breakout below bar 5 was a great short. Bar 5 was also the
third push down in a triangle after the bar 4 spike, and the triangle was also a wedge
bull ﬂag.
The bar 11 right shoulder was a buy, but again the breakeven stop would have
been hit.

246
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.12
FIGURE 9.12
Two-Legged Test of Trend Extreme
As shown in Figure 9.12, the sell-offs to bar 2 and to bar 6 broke major trend lines,
so, in each case, a two-legged test of the prior high should set up a good short. The
bar 3 low 2 short was successful, either by shorting below bar 3 or by taking the
second entry two bars later.
The bar 8 short was less certain because the test was a large bull trend bar
(almost an outside bar, since it had the same low as the prior bar). The traditional
way to enter after an outside bar is on a stop at one tick beyond both extremes,
getting ﬁlled in the direction of the breakout. However, outside bars are basically
one-bar trading ranges, and most trading range breakout entries fail. You should
only rarely enter on a breakout of an outside bar because the risk is too great (to
the opposite side of the bar, which is large). Since this was a two-bar reversal, the
safest entry was below the lower of the two bars, which was the large bull trend
bar, because very often the market goes below the bear bar, but not below both
bars, and that happened here.
If you shorted at the bar 8 breakout of the inside bar, you would have been
nervous by the bar’s close (a doji bar, indicating no conviction). However, most
traders would not have taken that short, because three or more sideways bars, at
least one of which is a doji, usually creates too much uncertainty (barbwire). The
two small bars before the outside bar were small enough to act like dojis, so it

Figure 9.12
FAILURES
247
was best to wait for more price action. However, if you did not short on bar 8,
you would have to believe that many did and the doji close of their entry bar made
these traders feel uncomfortable with their positions. They would have been quick
to exit, thereby becoming trapped. They would likely have bought back their shorts
at one tick above the bar 8 entry bar and then be reluctant to sell again until they
saw better price action. With the shorts out of the market and with them buying
back their positions, going long exactly where they were exiting (bar 9, one tick
above the short entry bar) should have been good for a scalp and likely two legs
up. A trader could have bought either at one tick above bar 9 or above the bar after
bar 9, relying on bar 9 being a bull trend bar and therefore a good long signal bar.

248
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.13
FIGURE 9.13
Five-Tick Failure
Scalping short for four ticks was a successful strategy for almost two hours in Fig-
ure 9.13. However, the short from the bar 4 inside bar dropped only ﬁve ticks and
reversed up. This meant that many shorts did not get ﬁlled on their proﬁt-target
limit order and that the shorts were quick to exit at breakeven and certainly above
bar 5. The market was testing yesterday’s low, and it was the second probe below
the trend channel line (based on the trend line from bar 1 to bar 3). The bulls were
looking for reasons to buy, and the failed short scalp was the ﬁnal thing that they
were hoping to ﬁnd.

Figure 9.14
FAILURES
249
FIGURE 9.14
Failed Signals in QQQ
As shown in Figure 9.14, each of these 5 minute QQQ trades reached between 8
and 11 ticks before failing. The protective stops would get scalpers out at around
breakeven in all of them, but it still was a lot of work with little to show for it.
Clearly, however, there were many other proﬁtable scalps, but it is tiring to scalp if
there are too many unsuccessful trades. This often makes a trader lose focus and
then miss proﬁtable trades. On a clear bear trend day, the best approach is to trade
only with the trend and look to sell low 2 setups, especially at the moving average.
Your winning percentage will be high, allowing you to have a healthy attitude and
continue to take entries, preferably swinging at least part of your position.

250
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.15
FIGURE 9.15
Switch to a Smaller Target
AAPL usually yields $1.00 scalps (the moves are usually more than $1.00, allowing
a scalper to take partial proﬁts on a $1.00 limit order). As shown in Figure 9.15,
however, bar 2 extended only 93 cents above the entry above bar 1, and then set up
a low 2 short. This low 2 meant that the market failed twice to reach the target. With
the market largely sideways and just missing a $1.00 scalp, traders would likely
have reduced their proﬁt target to about 50 cents. They would have been able to
take partial proﬁts on this 61 cent drop.

Figure 9.16
FAILURES
251
FIGURE 9.16
A Bear Spike Can Be a Buying Opportunity
As shown in Figure 9.16, NetApp Inc. (NTAP) went on sale twice during this bull
trend on the daily chart, and traders bought the markdown aggressively. Just be-
cause there is a strong spike down below the trend line does not mean that the
trend is over. Most reversal attempts look great and most fail. Because of this, ex-
perienced traders will buy sharp markdowns aggressively, even at the bottom of a
bear spike. Bar 11 was at the bottom of a 16 percent sell-off, but it was still a higher
low and a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 7. Since the channel down lasted so
many bars, it was safer to wait to buy the bar 13 higher low or the breakout above
the bar 14 low 2 setup, which was a failed double top bear ﬂag.
Bar 22 was a very strong bear trend bar down to the moving average, but the
rally up from bar 15 to bar 19 was very strong. The bear trend bar was probably
based on some scary news report, but one strong bear trend bar does not create
a reversal. Most of the time, it will fail and lead to a new trend high. Bulls thought
that a trading range and a new high were more likely than a successful reversal, and
they bought the bottom of the bar. Its low also formed a double bottom with bar 20
and was probably going to be the bottom of a trading range or a double bottom bull
ﬂag. The bear bar had weak follow-through and went sideways for four overlapping
bars, which had prominent tails. This is not how a bear reversal usually looks, and
the bears bought back their shorts. Their buying, combined with the bulls buying
here, led to the new trend high.

252
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.17
FIGURE 9.17
Most Trend Reversal Attempts Fail
When a bull trend is strong like it was on the 60 minute chart of the SPY shown in
Figure 9.17, it has inertia and will resist attempts to end. Overly eager bears looked
at strong bear spikes below the moving average and below trend lines as signs
that the market was reversing into a bear trend. Bulls saw each bear spike as a buy
setup. They knew that a successful reversal requires more than simply a strong bear
spike. They believed that each reversal would fail, because most do, and that the
market was going higher, so they were eager to buy pullbacks. When the SPY went
on sale by just 1 or 2 percent, bulls quickly bought it since they knew that the sale
wouldn’t last long. Many of the spikes were created by vacuums. The bulls wanted
to buy a pullback, so they stopped buying if they thought that the market would
go a little lower. This allowed the bears to drive the market down quickly. Once
it was low enough and the bulls thought that it wouldn’t go lower, they appeared
out of nowhere and bought aggressively. They overwhelmed the bears, who then
had to buy back their shorts, adding to the rally, and the huge bear spike had no
follow-through.
While the spikes were scary as they were forming, if traders understood what
was going on, they would be eager to buy at the bottom. If they did not want to
have a huge overnight risk, they could buy calls at the bottom of each bear spike
and take proﬁts on each new high a few days later.

Figure 9.18
FAILURES
253
FIGURE 9.18
Failures Can Sometimes Be a Sign of Strength
As
shown in Figure 9.18, the lower low major trend reversal up from bar 15
was strong and was likely to have at least two legs up. However, the rally to bar
19 failed to reach the bear trend line. It pushed above the moving average and
came close enough to the line to be within its magnetic ﬁeld. This gave traders
conﬁdence to buy the bar 22 high 2 setup because they thought that the market
should test above the trend line.
Bar 4 was a bull reversal bar after a strong bear spike. The spike was strong
enough to convince traders that the market was always-in short, so traders were
looking to sell rallies. Since they did not think that bar 4 was going to lead to a
signiﬁcant reversal, many bears placed limit orders to short at and above its high.
Enough traders were so eager to short that they shorted at one tick below its high.
The market never made it to above the high of the bull signal bar, which was a sign
that the bears were strong. The market sold off below the bar 5 low 2 short signal
bar. A similar situation formed at the high of the bar after bar 10, and at bars 11,
13, and 26. Bar 18 was the bullish equivalent. Traders were so eager to get long that
they had buy limit orders at and below the low of the bar before bar 18, and the
most aggressive bulls with limit orders at one tick above the bar 18 low were likely
the only ones who got long. The others had to chase the market higher.
Bar 27 turned up at one tick above the low of bar 21, preventing a perfect dou-
ble bottom bull ﬂag. This was a sign of eager bulls who placed buy limit orders at

254
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.18
one and two ticks above the bar 21 low as the market was trading down from the
bar 24 high. They were so eager to get long that they did not want to risk having
unﬁlled buy limit orders at and one tick above the bar 21 low. The opposite situa-
tion happened when bar 7 turned down at one tick below the bar 5 high. It failed
to reach the bar 5 high because the bears felt an urgency to get short, so the failure
was a sign that the bear trend was strong. Bar 7 was a test of the moving average,
but the bears were so eager to get short that they placed their sell limit orders at
two ticks below the moving average instead of at one tick below. This prevented
the high of the bar from reaching the moving average and was a sign of a strong
bear trend.
The low 1 after the bar 15 bottom failed to lead to a new bear low and was a
sign that the reversal up was strong.

Figure 9.19
FAILURES
255
FIGURE 9.19
Just Missing a Target and Then Reaching It
When there is a fairly obvious measured move target and the market comes close
enough to be within its magnetic pull, but not close enough for traders to believe
that it was adequately tested, the market often pulls back and then makes a more
convincing test. As shown in Figure 9.19, today was a trending trading range day in
the Emini and the obvious measured move target was a measured move up based
on the opening range. Bars 7 and 9 came within three ticks, but most traders would
not feel that the test is complete unless the market comes within one tick. The test
failed to reach the target, but it was close enough to make traders believe that the
magnet was inﬂuencing the price action. Traders wanted to see whether the market
would fall back after testing it or it would break above and rally to some higher
target. The market pulled back to a small expanding triangle bull ﬂag at bar 14 and
tested the target to within a tick on the ﬁnal bar of the day. Incidentally, if the test
goes four or more ticks above the measured move target, that usually means that
the market is ignoring the target and is heading toward a higher target.
Bar 14 was also the signal bar for a larger wedge bull ﬂag where bar 8 was the
ﬁrst push down and bars 10 or 12 formed the second. Some traders thought the ﬂag
ended at bar 12, but the distance between bar 10 and bar 12 was small compared
to the distance between bar 8 and bar 10, so many traders were not convinced that
the correction was over. This resulted in the lower low ﬁnal push down to bar 14.

256
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 9.19
The three-bar bull spike up from bar 14 broke above the high of the prior 60
minute bar (not shown) by one tick. When the market reversed down two bars
later in a 5 minute wedge bear ﬂag, the 60 minute traders were wondering if they
were in a 60 minute one-tick bull trap. Some 60 minute traders bought on a stop
at one tick above the high of the prior 60 minute bar and now the market was
turning down. However, most of the time when there is a developing one-tick failed
breakout on the 60 minute chart, the market reverses back above the one-tick failed
breakout before the 60 minute bar closes. The result is that although the one-tick
failed breakout was present for many bars on the 5 minute chart, it disappeared
from the 60 minute chart by the time the 60 minute bar closed, as was the case
here. The 60 minute bar closed on the bar after bar 15, and the ﬁnal high of the 60
minute bar was three ticks above the high of the prior 60 minute bar.

C H A P T E R 1 0
Huge Volume
Reversals on
Daily Charts
W
hen a stock is in a steep bear trend on the daily chart and then has a day
with volume that is ﬁve to 10 times its recent average, the bulls may have
capitulated and a tradable bottom may be present. The huge volume day is
very often a gap down day, and if it has a strong bull close, the odds of a proﬁtable
long increase. Traders are not necessarily looking for a bull reversal, but after a
climactic sell-off, the odds are good that there will be at least a two-legged move to
at least the moving average that will allow them to place a proﬁtable trade that will
last from days to weeks.
Incidentally, on a 1 minute Emini chart that is in a strong bear trend, if there is
a huge volume bar (about 25,000 contracts), it is unlikely to be the end of the bear
trend, but often is a sign that a pullback will come soon, usually after one or two
lower lows on less volume (volume divergence). You should rarely if ever look at
volume on intraday charts because of its unreliable predictive value on the 5 minute
chart, which is the chart that you should mainly use for trading.
257

258
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 10.1
20.00
44.00
38.00
32.00
26.00
20.00
80.00
90.00
70.00
60.00
50.00
40.00
30.00
22.25
22.25
30,000
33.270
TradeStation Chart Analysis - LEH Daily [NYSE] Lehman Brothers Holdings
TradeStation 8.3 - Desktop #1 - Day1
File
Edit
View
Insert
Formant
Help
Window
Drawing
LEH - Daily NYSE
V 1000 ( )   33269.71
1
2
3
5
8
7
6
4
6
4
3
MAX 20 (20) 27.18
L=22.39   -0.22   -0.97%
TradeStation C...
LEH - Daily NYSE L=22...
Created with TradeStation
Apr
Apr
Jul
Oct
‘07
Day1
Stocks 6 5 min1
ES 1 min1
ES 3 min1
ES 5 min1
Apr
Jul
‘08
FIGURE 10.1
Huge Volume Reversal
Sometimes markets reverse up on huge volume days. As shown in Figure 10.1,
Lehman Brothers (LEH) opened with a huge gap down on bar 3 and then ran below
a bear trend channel line (from bars 1 and 2), but rallied strongly into the close.
Volume was three times that of the prior day and about 10 times that of the av-
erage of the past month. With such a strong bull trend bar (seen more clearly on
the candle chart thumbnail), it was safe to buy at the close, but a more cautious
trader would have waited until the market took out the high of this possible signal
bar. The market gapped up on the next day. A trader could have bought the open,
waited for a test down, and then bought a new intraday high, or looked for a sell-off
on the 5 minute chart and bought the reversal up after the attempt to close the gap
failed. This kind of strength is almost always followed by at least two legs up (the
second leg up to bar 6 occurred after the successful bar 5 gap test higher low) and
a penetration of the moving average.
Bars 4 and 6 formed a double top bear ﬂag.
Bar 7 attempted to form a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 5, but instead re-
sulted in a breakout pullback short entry three bars later.
As of the ﬁnal bar on the chart, the market was testing the bar 3 low in an
attempt to defend the stops below it and form a double bottom. Months later, LEH
went out of business.

Figure 10.2
HUGE VOLUME REVERSALS ON DAILY CHARTS
259
8
80
65
50
35
20
-10
190.00
180.00
170.00
160.00
150.00
140.00
130.00
120.00
110.00
100.00
90.00
80.00
70.00
60.00
50.00
40.00
30.00
20.00
-10.00
140,000...
60,000,...
0.00
9.29
9
TradeStation Chart Analysis - BSC Daily [NYSE] Bear Steams Cos
BSC - Daily NYSE
V ( )  6425536.00
1
2
3
3
MAX 20 (20) 10.49
L=9.29   -0.18   -1.90%
TradeStation...
BSC - Daily NYSE L=9.29
Mar
Apr
Jul
Oct
Apr
‘08
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 10.2
Huge Volume without a Reversal
Huge volume on a big down day does not guarantee a rally. As shown in Figure 10.2,
Bear Stearns (BSC) had a huge bear trend day on a Friday with volume that was
about 15 times that of a typical day. The stock had lost about 70 percent of its value
over the prior two weeks. However, the volume was only about one and a half
times that of the day before and there was only a minimal bull tail. The price action
was against the longs since there was no reversal from the break of the bear trend
channel. In fact, the huge bear trend bar closed well below the line, conﬁrming
the strength of the trend channel line failure to contain the bear trend. The stock
lost another 80 percent when it opened on Monday (bar 3), but traded slightly less
volume. Traders who bought the Friday close, thinking that a climactic bottom was
in and that there was no way that the country’s ﬁfth largest investment bank and
brokerage could fall any further, were devastated come Monday. Climactic volume
in the absence of bullish price action is no reason to fade a strong bear trend.
This chart covers the same time period as the preceding LEH chart. However,
the LEH chart did not break the bear trend channel line (bar 3) until Monday and it
reversed up on that day on huge volume. Here, on the BSC chart, the huge volume
day was a day earlier and it also broke below the bear trend channel line, but the
day closed near its low with no bullish price action. It gapped down on bar 3, just
like LEH (bar 3 is the Monday for both stocks), but LEH rallied strongly whereas

260
TREND REVERSALS: A TREND BECOMING AN OPPOSITE TREND
Figure 10.2
BSC could barely rally at all. Bar 3 for BSC was still a bull reversal bar following
the break of a bear trend channel line, but any traders choosing between buying
LEH and BSC on that day would obviously much rather buy LEH because of its
very strong bull reversal bar. Even if traders bought BSC at one tick above bar 3,
they would have made more than 100 percent over the next three days, but LEH
was clearly a much more certain bull bet.
Since this chart was printed, BSC was bought out by JPMorgan Chase (JPM)
for a tiny fraction of its market capitalization of just a few months earlier.

P A R T II
Day Trading
I
f you are not yet consistently proﬁtable, you should not be looking at one- or
two-point scalps in the Emini or 10 to 20 cent scalps in stocks as the cornerstone
of your trading. In fact, you should avoid scalps until you are an experienced
trader, because you need a very high winning percentage to be proﬁtable, and that
is difﬁcult for even experienced traders to achieve.
The ﬁrst consideration in day trading is the selection of the market and type
of chart that you want to use. It is best to trade stocks that are popular with in-
stitutions, because you want to reduce the chance of manipulation by a specialist
or market maker, and you want minimal slippage. There are so many great trades
every day on any basket of ﬁve to 10 stocks that you won’t have to resort to stocks
with small volume that might carry additional risks.
The more bars in your day, the more trades you will make, and the risk will be
less per trade. However, you might not be able to read the charts fast enough to see
the setups, and you might not have time to place your orders without an unaccept-
able level of mistakes. Also, some of the best trades happen so quickly that you will
likely miss many and then be left with all the trades that are less proﬁtable. There
is a mathematical sweet spot that you will have to determine based on your per-
sonality and trading abilities. Most successful traders can trade a 5 minute candle
chart. The price action on a 3 minute chart is very similar and offers more trades
and smaller stops, but in general it has a lower winning percentage. If you ﬁnd that
you are missing too many trades, especially the most proﬁtable trades of the day,
you should consider moving to a slower time frame, like a 15 minute chart.
261

262
DAY TRADING
You can also use charts based on volume (like each bar representing 25,000
contracts) or ticks (for example, each bar representing 5,000 price changes or ticks)
or simple bar charts. Line charts are also tradable, but price action traders are giv-
ing up too much information when they cannot see bars or candles.
In general, since your risk per trade is smallest when you day trade, you should
be trading your maximum number of contracts. Warren Buffett was quoted as say-
ing, “If it’s worth a penny, then it’s worth a dime.” Once consistently proﬁtable
traders have decided that they have a valid entry, they need to be prepared to trade
a reasonable number of contracts.
Traders are always thinking about the best way to maximize their proﬁtability,
and the two most important considerations are trade selection and position size. A
new trader should focus primarily on swinging only the best two to ﬁve entries each
day, which are usually second entries in the form of reversals at new swing highs
and lows on nontrending days (maybe 80 percent of days), and spikes and pullbacks
on trend days. Once a trader is consistently proﬁtable, the next goal should be to
increase the position size rather than adding lower-probability entries. If a trader
consistently nets only one point a day in the Eminis but trades 25 contracts, this
comes out to over $1,000 per day. If the trader can get up to 100 contracts, he
will make $1,000,000 per year. If he nets four points a day, that is $4,000,000 per
year. The Emini and Treasury bond and note markets can easily handle this size
of trading. For very liquid stocks with prices over $100, an experienced trader can
net 50 cents to a dollar on most days, and these stocks can handle 1,000- to 3,000-
share orders with minimal slippage. Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) like the QQQ
can handle 10,000-share orders, but the daily range is smaller, and a more realistic
daily net proﬁt would be about 10 to 20 cents for a good trader, or a couple of
hundred thousand dollars a year.
If a trader was managing a fund of $50,000,000 and trading 1,000 Emini con-
tracts per trade (he might have to split his orders into 200- to 400-lot pieces), and
he netted only a point per day, this would generate $10,000,000 for clients before
fees. Concentrate on taking the best trades and then increasing your volume.

C H A P T E R 1 1
Key Times of
the Day
T
he trading day can be divided into three periods, and although the same price
action principles apply throughout the day, there are some generalizations
about each period that are useful for traders. Any type of price action can
happen at any time of the day, but there is a tendency for the ﬁrst hour or two to
be the most likely time of the day to ﬁnd a trade where you can make two to three
times your risk. This is the most important time of the day, and for most traders
it is the easiest time to make money (and the easiest to lose money, if a trader is
not careful). In general, most traders should work very hard to take trades in the
ﬁrst hour or two because those trades have the best trader’s equation combination
of reward, risk, and probability. Because of its importance, the chapters in Part III
discuss it in detail. There are often reports at 7:00 a.m. PST, and they commonly
lead to the trend of the day. Computers have a clear edge in speed of analysis and
order placement, and they are your competitors. When your competition has a big
advantage, don’t compete. Wait for their edge to disappear, and trade when speed is
no longer important. Once the always-in direction has been established, then look
to take the trend trade. Even though you might miss the ﬁrst bar or two, if the trend
is strong, there will be plenty of points left in the trade.
On the daily chart, there is often a small tail below strong bull trend bars and
above strong bear trend bars. These are often caused by opening reversals. For
example, if bulls think that the day is likely to be a strong bull trend day and it
trades down for the ﬁrst few bars of the day, the majority of them will believe that
this will likely be the low of the day and a great opportunity to buy at a tremendous
value that will soon disappear. If they are right, the market will rally, and they will
have bought around the low of the day. On the daily chart, there will be a small tail
on the bottom of the bull trend bar that resulted from the three-bar sell-off on the
263

264
DAY TRADING
open. Because they were ready for that possibility, these smart bulls made a huge
reward, risking little, on a trade that probably had at least a 50 percent chance of
success (remember, because of the overall character of the market, they believed
that the day was likely to rally).
The middle of the day, beginning around 8:30 to 9:30 a.m. PST and ending
around 11:00 to 11:30 and sometimes as late as 12:30, is more prone to two-sided
trading, like trading ranges or channels. This is the time of the day when tight trad-
ing ranges are the most common. This is a terrible environment for entering on
stops. In very two-sided markets, when the market goes down a little, buyers come
in and take control, so entering on stops as the market is falling is the exact op-
posite of what the institutions are doing in these tight trading ranges. The buyers
are the bears scalping out of their proﬁtable shorts and the bulls buying for scalps
up. At the top, the opposite happens and the selling predominates. The bulls sell
out of their proﬁtable long scalps, and the bears sell to initiate short scalps. There
are swing traders as well, but in general, when the market is in a trading range,
whether or not it is tight, most of the volume is scalping and the institutions are
buying low and selling high. The best way to make money as a trader is to do what
the institutions do, so if you are going to trade in a trading range, look to scalp,
and buy low, sell high. Experienced traders will sell on limit orders above weak
high 1 and high 2 buy signal bars at the top, and buy on limit orders below weak
low 1 and low 2 signal bars at the bottom. Because limit orders trades are more
difﬁcult to evaluate accurately, beginners should avoid them. Be very careful about
stop entries and only sell on a stop if you are at the top of the range as the market
is turning down, and only buy on a stop near the bottom as the market is turning
up. The market always races to the top and bottom, suckering hopeful beginners
into buying on stops at the top and selling on stops at the bottom. They just look
at the strength of the spikes up and down and ignore the trading range of the past
20 bars and end up doing the opposite of the institutions. Because so many of the
trade setups are for scalps and most traders cannot make a living by scalping, they
should be very selective during this time. Since the high or low of the day forms
during the ﬁrst third of the day in maybe 90 percent of days, the middle third of
the day is usually when traders are deciding if the initial trend should resume or re-
verse. The bulls and the bears are active, each ﬁghting over control and each trying
to generate a trend into the close. The market often reverses around 8:30 a.m. PST
and then trends for the rest of the middle third of the day. Traders need to be aware
that the trend that began at the open might not last all day, and the exact opposite
can develop after the ﬁrst couple of hours.
Beginning traders tend to lose money in the middle third of the day. They often
lose more than they have made in the ﬁrst third of the day, and if that is the case,
they should consider not trading in the middle third unless signals are especially
strong. Many traders make most of their money in the ﬁrst couple of hours of the
day and then trade much less or not at all during the middle of the day. If a person

KEY TIMES OF THE DAY
265
owns two stores and one makes a lot of money, but the other consistently loses
money no matter what the owner does, and often more than what he makes from
his good store, should he continue to operate both stores? The answer is obvious.
You can look at the ﬁrst and middle thirds of the day as two stores. There is nothing
wrong with closing that losing store. Your goal is to make money, not to trade all
day long. If the price action is good all day long and you are not tired, then it is
ﬁnancially wise to trade all day. However, that is usually not the case. The middle
third tends to have much more two-sided trading, channels, tight trading ranges,
many reversals, trend bars without follow-through, and lots of dojis. Unless traders
are very selective with their stop entries or capable of making money by fading
moves with limit orders, they should just wait for the price action to become more
predictable. It is always better to not take any trades than to take trades where
your losses are greater than your wins. Beginners frequently win just often enough
to make them continue what they are doing, hoping that all they need is experience.
However, no matter how much experience they accumulate, a tight trading range
will always be difﬁcult to trade. It is almost always better to wait until the always-in
direction is clear, so that the odds of follow-through are high enough to allow for a
proﬁtable trade.
The three periods of the day often create a trend resumption pattern. For exam-
ple, if there is a sell-off for a couple of hours, and then a rally into around 11:30 a.m.
PST, the market might sell off again after that, resuming the bear trend of the ﬁrst
third of the day. Sometimes the pattern is clearly up-down-up or down-up-down,
but more often it is less obvious, even though the tendency is still there. Because of
this, many traders will view any move in the middle third of the day that reverses
a move of the ﬁrst third as simply a potential pullback from the initial trend. They
will then look for the original trend to resume around 11:30 a.m., and if there is a
sign that this is what’s happening, they will take the trade. Even on days when the
pattern is not clear, traders know that the market often makes some move around
11:30 a.m. that will often carry into the close of the day as the institutions begin
their ﬁnal trading of the day. The move can be a reversal, but it can also be a break-
out. For example, if there was a strong sell-off for the ﬁrst two hours and then a
weak rally into 11:30 a.m., and it appears to be topping out and reversing, the mar-
ket might instead break out to the upside and lead to a trend reversal day and a
rally into the close. Traders aren’t married to any particular direction going into
11:30 a.m., but are always ready for a move in either direction as the market enters
the ﬁnal third of the day and the institutions begin their ﬁnal trades.
The ﬁnal period of the day runs until the close; it often resumes the trend from
earlier in the day, as in a trend resumption day, but it sometimes reverses the trend
and forms a reversal day. If there is a strong bull trend on the daily chart, most
days will have closes above the opens and the market will usually try to rally in the
ﬁnal 30 to 60 minutes. Bear trends have more days with closes below the opens and
often sell off into the close.

266
DAY TRADING
There are two very different types of price action that traders should look for in
the ﬁnal 30 to 60 minutes because each offers opportunities if traders are prepared,
and each poses problems if they are not. First, the market sometimes will have a
relentless trend in the ﬁnal half hour as risk managers tell their traders that they
have to cover their losing positions before the close. Momentum programs detect
the strong trend and also trade wth trend relentlessly, as long as the momentum
continues. On some days many mutual funds will have similar orders to ﬁll going
into the close. Traders who want to enter on pullbacks get trapped out because a
pullback never comes. If you see this, enter with the trend on the close of the cur-
rent bar and put your protective stop beyond the other end of the bar. If the trend
continues into the close, you can make a quick windfall proﬁt. It is worth noting
that traders often get tired, and since their edge is small, they should refrain from
trading if they cannot trade at their best. Traders can get tired, bored, or distracted
at any time during the day and should not trade until they are back to normal. The
computers don’t get tired and trade into the close as well as they did all day long.
This is another one of the advantages that they have over individual traders.
When there is a bull trend on the daily chart, there will almost always be more
bull trend bars than bear trend bars. The opposite is true when there is a bear trend.
For example, if the market is in a strong bear trend and there is a moderate rally
going into the last hour, many traders will expect the day to close near its low and
for the bar on the daily chart to be a strong bear trend bar with a close near its low.
Because of this, experienced traders will be quick to short any rally that begins to
reverse down toward the end of the day, expecting a close near the low of the day.
Other traders will wait for the sell-off to become clear and then short. The result
is often a strong bear trend into the close of a bear trend day when there is a bear
trend on the daily chart. The opposite is true of bull trends on the daily chart, where
the preponderance of the bars close near their highs and the market often rallies
into the close after a sell-off before the ﬁnal hour.
The other type of close is more difﬁcult for traders because instead of trapping
them out of a winning trade, it tends to stop them out with losses. The market will
trend into the close but have large bars, big tails, and two or three reversals that
run stops but do not hit the original stop beyond the signal bar. If your premise that
there is a trend into the close is correct and the market is forming a bar or two with
large tails, you can make money if swing the trade and stick to your initial stop until
after the pullback, and then tighten your stop to just beyond the pullback.
Whenever a report is released, whether it is a 7 a.m., PST, housing report or
an 11:15 a.m. FOMC announcement, slippage is common as you get in or out of
your trade, so the risk is often larger and the reward is often smaller. Also, the
probability is only 50 percent. The result is a bad trader’s equation, and most traders
should wait for seconds to minutes until the market becomes orderly before placing
a trade.

Figure 11.1
KEY TIMES OF THE DAY
267
1176.00
1175.00
1174.00
1173.00
1172.00
1171.00
1170.00
1169.00
1168.00
1167.00
1166.00
1165.00
1164.00
1163.00
1162.00
1161.00
1160.00
1159.00
1158.00
1157.00
1156.00
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Mar11]
@ES.D - 5 min CME
1
3
4
2
5
6
7
9
8
13
15
12
14
10
11
16
1718
19
21
23
20
22
24
MAX 20 (20) 1163.58
L=1326.50   7.75   0.59%
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
13:00 10/15
12:30
13:00 10/14
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 11.1
Risk Managers Contribute to Trends into the Close
As shown in Figure 11.1, the rally into the close was due in part to the risk man-
ager shoulder tap. As the market began to turn up and reached bar 22, all of the
traders who shorted after bar 10 were in jeopardy of having losing positions by the
close, and all those who shorted after bar 16 were already holding losers. Risk man-
agers at trading ﬁrms monitor what positions traders are holding into the close. If
a lot of traders are holding shorts that are suddenly becoming losers, they might
be emotionally attached to their trades and hope for a late sell-off. Their bonuses
depend on their performance, and they might hate to admit that they are suddenly
wrong about today’s bear trend. The risk manager’s job is to be coldly objective,
and he will tell the traders to buy back their shorts. If this takes place at enough
ﬁrms, it can contribute to a relentless uptrend into the close. Traders at home were
hoping for a pullback, but it never came. Once they realized what was happening,
they could have bought above the brief pullbacks at bars 21 and 23 or bought the
close of any bar, and then placed protective stops below the low of their entry bar.
Momentum programs detect the relentless buying and begin buying as well, and
will continue to buy as long as the momentum up is strong. Mutual and hedge fund
purchases going into the close can also contribute. All of these traders are doing
the opposite when the market sells off into the close.
The market was in a tight bull channel on the daily chart (not shown). Only two
of the past 32 days closed near the low of the day, and 21 of the past 32 days closed

268
DAY TRADING
Figure 11.1
above the open. In bull swings on the daily chart, most days had bull bodies, and
traders were eager to buy a rally into the close.
The market was in a trading range for the ﬁrst couple of hours; the range was
about half the size of an average daily range, alerting traders to a possible breakout
into a trending trading range day. As the market moved down from the bar 7 dou-
ble top with bar 2, traders became more convinced that the breakout would be to
the downside, and the selling increased. The market then formed a lower trading
range, but then sold off from the bar 15 moving average gap bar, broke out to the
downside, but reversed up to above the open. Remember, most reversal days begin
as trending trading range days.
As is often the case, the market went sideways in the middle third of the day,
and then the bear trend from bar 7 to bar 10 tried to resume in the ﬁnal third of the
day. However, the downside breakout failed, and the bar 10 to bar 16 trading range
became the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bear trend.

Figure 11.2
KEY TIMES OF THE DAY
269
1221
1220
1219
1218
1217
1216
1215
1214
1213
1212
1211
1210
1209
1208
1207
1206
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Dec10]
@ES.D - 5 min CME
2
3
1
6
4
5
8
7
9
10
11 12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
22
21 23
24
20
MAX 20 (20) 1216.24
L=1218.50   21.25   1.77%
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
13:00
11/5
11/4
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 11.2
Trends into the Close Can Be Scary
You can be right about the trend into the close and still lose money when the market
has a couple of dojis before the close. As shown in Figure 11.2, the two strong bull
trend bars that formed a spike up to bar 19 were likely to have follow-through, but
the protective stop on any long needed to be below the spike or at least below the
low of the second large bull trend bar. Once the market began forming dojis around
bar 20, there was a risk of a sharp pullback. If you bought above bar 16, you could
have used a tight stop below bar 20 or a breakeven stop. However, if you bought the
close of the bar 19 spike or above the bar 21 doji, you needed to risk to below the
low of both bars of the spike or at least to below bar 19. The tails were a warning
that the market was two-sided. If you take a trade in this type of market, and only
very experienced traders should ever consider staying in when the market enters
a tight trading range at the end of the day, you have to trade it for the swing and
allow for two-sided movement and use a wide stop.
This was a trend resumption day, where there was a rally for approximately
the ﬁrst third of the day, ending at bar 5, and then a trading range for the middle of
the day, and a resumption of the bull trend into the close of the day. The ﬁnal rally
began at 11:15 a.m. PST, although the upside breakout did not come until 12:30 p.m.

270
DAY TRADING
Figure 11.3
1281.00
1280.00
1279.00
1278.00
1277.00
1276.00
1275.00
1274.00
1273.00
1272.00
1271.00
1270.00
1269.00
1268.00
1267.00
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Mar11]
@ES.D - 5 min CME
3
1
5
2
4
7
6
8
9
11
10
12
16
17
14
15
18
20
19
21
22
23
24
25
26 28
27
29
13
MAX 20 (20) 1280.67
L=1280.25   4.00   0.31%
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
13:00
13:00
1/20
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 11.3
Midday Reversal
After the trend of the day becomes established within the ﬁrst hour or so, the mar-
ket often reverses at the start of the middle third of the day, between about 8:00 a.m.
and 9:30 a.m. PST (usually around 8:30 a.m.). Sometimes the market instead enters
a trading range for several hours, and then breaks out in either direction at some
point in the ﬁnal hour or two. The breakout can lead to either a trend resumption
day or a reversal day. As shown in Figure 11.3, the rally from bar 8 to bar 12 was
so strong that the earlier bear trend was unable to reassert itself going into the ﬁ-
nal third of the day. Instead, the rally from bar 8 to bar 12 resumed upward after
the weak attempt at bar 17 to reverse the market down. The bull resumption began
with the bar 18 pullback from the bar 12 to bar 15 wedge bull ﬂag to the moving
average. The bulls were unable to continue the rally, though, and the market sold
off back to the open, creating a doji day on the daily chart.
Bar 3 was a test of the moving average and a double top with bar 1, and there-
fore a possible high of the day. Traders were looking for a breakout of the bottom
of the opening range and then about a measured move down. Instead, the market
had a bear spike down to bar 4 and then two more pushes, creating a bear spike
and channel trend where the channel was a wedge. Traders saw this as a possible
reversal up at the start of the middle third of the day and a potential low of the day.
The buy signal was above the two-bar reversal that began with bar 8. Many traders
saw the market as having ﬂipped to always-in long on the bar 9 outside up bar, and
most traders believed it was long by the end of the bar 10 bull spike.

C H A P T E R 1 2
Markets
P
rice action techniques work in all markets, but most day traders prefer mar-
kets that have many entries a day on the 5 minute chart and can handle
large position sizes without slippage. The 5 minute Standard & Poor’s (S&P)
Emini futures contract can handle any order size that an individual trader can place;
you will never outgrow it. The Russell futures contract, however, is popular with
some individual traders because they feel that it trends well intraday and the mar-
gin is relatively small for the size of the average swing. Most successful individual
traders eventually want to trade more contracts than the Russell can handle with-
out the worry of slippage.
When starting out, you should consider trading the SPY instead of the Emini. If
the Emini is trading around 1,100, the SPY will be around 110.00 and an eight-tick
scalp for two points in the Emini is a 20 cent scalp in the SPY (each Emini tick is
two and a half times larger than an SPY tick). One Emini is equivalent to 500 SPY.
If you trade 300 to 500 SPY, you can scale out of your swing position and not incur
too much risk. One advantage of the SPY is that the 20 cent scalp size feels so small
and comes so quickly that it will be easier to place orders for swing trades than for
scalps, which is a better approach when just starting out. You will notice that the
SPY often hits a one-tick entry or exit stop when the Emini does not. Because of
this, some traders use a two- or three-tick stop in the SPY.
Once you have increased your position size to 1,000 to 1,500 SPY, if you plan to
continue to increase your size, switch to the Emini, which can handle huge volume
without slippage being a signiﬁcant problem. When just starting out, you can scalp
100 SPY using a 20 cent proﬁt target and a 20 cent protective stop, which is equiva-
lent to a two-point Emini stop, so your risk is just $20 plus commissions. However,
271

272
DAY TRADING
you cannot scalp and make money in the SPY unless your commissions are min-
imal, like $1.00 for 100 shares. Also, you need an order entry system that allows
you to place orders quickly. Otherwise, just swing trade until you are consistently
successful, and then look to add some scalping.
Currency futures, foreign exchange (forex), and Treasury bond and note fu-
tures can handle huge volume, but give fewer entries than the Eminis on most
days. Bonds and notes can have protracted trends intraday, so when a trade sets
up, you can often enter and let it swing for hours. The forex market usually doesn’t
offer many great trades during the Emini day session, and since you don’t want
any distractions, it is best to avoid it during the day if you are actively trading the
Eminis. The DIA and Dow futures are a little thin, so slippage can be a problem
for scalpers. Just as the SPY is identical to the Eminis, the QQQ is identical to the
NASDAQ futures. The QQQ is also very popular with day traders and can accom-
modate large orders.
Many stocks trade very well intraday. It is easiest to trade only those with an
average daily range of several dollars and an average volume of ﬁve million shares
or more. You want to be able to scalp 50 cents to a dollar with minimal slippage, and
you want the possibility that the swing portion can run several dollars. Currently,
Apple (AAPL), International Business Machines (IBM), Google (GOOG), Amazon
(AMZN), Goldman Sachs (GS), Oil Service HOLDRS (OIH), UltraShort Oil and Gas
ProShares ETF (DUG), Ultra Financials ProShares ETF (UYG), and SPDR Gold
Trust (GLD) are all good, but there are many others, and you can add or subtract
from your list as needed.

C H A P T E R 1 3
Time Frames and
Chart Types
F
or a scalper, it is easiest to use a 5 minute candle chart for the Emini. How-
ever, for intraday swing trading of the Emini or stocks, a simple 5 minute bar
chart works well. This is because on a laptop or a single monitor, you can
ﬁt six bar charts on your screen, each with a different stock, and each chart will
contain a full day’s worth of bars. If you use candles, which are wider than bars,
your charts will show only about a half day of price action. An important reason
for mentioning this is to remind traders that this approach works well with simple
bar charts, especially when you are trying to swing trade only the best entries. The
advantage of candle charts on the Emini for scalpers is that it is easy to quickly see
who owns the bars, especially the setup bar. Also, a lot of high and low 2 variants
are not easy to see on bar charts.
Price action trading techniques work in all markets and all time frames, so
traders have to make the obvious basic decision of which markets and time frames
they should trade. The objective of most traders is to maximize proﬁtability over
the long run, and implicit in that is that each trader needs to ﬁnd an approach that
suits his or her personality.
If a 5 minute Emini chart offers a dozen good entries on average every day, and
the 3 minute chart offers 20, and the 1 minute offers 30, and the risk (size of the
protective stop) is eight ticks on the 5 minute, six ticks on the 3 minute, and four
ticks on the 1 minute, why not trade the shorter time frames? More trades, smaller
risk, more money—right? Right, if you can read the charts correctly fast enough in
real time to be able to place your entry, stop, and proﬁt target orders at the exact
prices correctly, and do this constantly for seven hours a day, year in and year out.
For many traders, the smaller the time frame, the more good trades they miss, and
273

274
DAY TRADING
the lower their winning percentage becomes. They simply cannot scalp with this
method fast enough on the 1 and 3 minute charts to be as proﬁtable as they are on
the 5 minute chart, so that should be their focus and they should continually work
on increasing their position size. The best trades often come as a surprise, and the
setups can be hard to trust. Most traders simply cannot process the information fast
enough. Invariably, they will cherry-pick and tend not to pick the very best setups,
which are the most important ones to their bottom lines. The best trades often set
up and trigger so fast that they are easy to miss, and then you are left with all the
trades that are less good, including all of the losers.
The average size of a move on a higher time frame chart is greater than that on
a smaller time frame chart. However, almost every higher time frame swing starts
with a reversal on the 1 and 3 minute charts. It is just hard to know which ones will
work, and it can be draining trying to take 30 or more trades a day, hoping for a
big move. The very best trades on 1 and 3 minute charts lead to strong entries on 5
and 15 minute charts, and for most traders it is much more proﬁtable to focus on
the best 5 minute trades and work on increasing their position size. Once they can
trade successfully, they can make an incredible amount of money and have a very
high winning percentage, which results in much less stress and a better ability to
maintain their performance over time.
Also, as your position size increases, at some point the volume will affect the
market on too many trades on a 1 minute chart. As an extreme example, if you
had a proﬁt-target limit order to sell 5,000 Emini contracts at two ticks above the
market, anyone with a price ladder would see the aberration and you would have a
difﬁcult time getting ﬁlled on 10 to 15 trades a day. Also, entering that size on a stop
would result in a tick or two of slippage, which would ruin the risk/reward ratio
of scalping. A trader can trade even 5,000 contracts per trade using price action,
but not with the entry and exit scalping techniques needed for most trades. May
you someday have the problem of having to rethink your approach because your
volume is adversely affecting your ﬁlls!
The 1 minute chart can be helpful in two situations. If the 5 minute chart is in
a runaway trend and you are ﬂat but want to get in, you can look at a 1 minute
chart for high/low 2 pullbacks to enter with the trend. The second situation where
1 minute charts are helpful for experienced traders is in swing trading trending
stocks off the 5 minute chart. When stocks are trending, they are very respectful
of the moving average and with-trend trades can be made off high/low 1 or 2 se-
tups at the moving average, risking the height of the signal bar. Traders can reduce
that risk somewhat by entering on the 1 minute chart on the ﬁrst reversal after a
moving average touch or penetration on the 5 minute chart. If you plot a 5 minute
20 bar moving average on the 1 minute chart, you can quickly see the touches and
then place the order. You actually need to plot a 90 bar moving average on the 1
minute chart as a surrogate for the 5 minute 20 bar moving average. Why 90 and

TIME FRAMES AND CHART TYPES
275
not 100 bars? Because the moving average on the 1 minute chart is recalculated at
the close of every 1 minute bar, and not just at the close of every ﬁfth bar, so the
weighting of the more recent bars tends to make a 100 bar moving average a tiny
bit too ﬂat. Also, the ﬁrst four closes on the 1 minute chart are not part of the 5
minute moving average. To correct for this, use a 90 bar moving average (I use an
exponential moving average, but any moving average is ﬁne), which is very close
to the 5 minute 20 bar moving average. In actual practice, you will rarely have time
to look at a 1 minute stock chart because of your focus on the Emini. However,
when a stock is strongly trending, you might occasionally take quick entries off the
1 minute chart.
Implicit in this discussion is that there can be opposite trends on different
time frames. For example, if the market has been going up strongly for a couple
of weeks, but for the past two days it has been in a trending bear channel and
for the past 15 minutes it is in a pullback up to the falling 5 minute moving av-
erage, then the 5 minute chart is in a bear trend, the 1 minute chart is in a bull
trend, and the two days of downward movement are likely forming a bull ﬂag on the
60 minute chart. It is also possible that the daily chart is bearish and the monthly
chart is bullish, both at the same time. It is too confusing to try to reconcile all of
this, and it is a waste of time to wait for all time frames to be going in the same di-
rection, because that rarely happens, and even if it does, there is no guarantee of a
proﬁtable trade. Just pick one time frame, and trade the price action that is in front
of you. If you read correctly and trade well, you will do ﬁne without ever knowing
what is going on in all of those other charts.
Many traders use charts where the bars are based on volume and not time. For
example, an Emini chart can be constructed where each bar closes as soon as 5,000
or more ticks have occurred, or as soon as 25,000 contracts were traded. It does not
matter what type of chart you use as long as you are comfortable with the speed
needed to read the chart and place the order. The patterns on all charts are based
on human behavior and are therefore the same. Trend lines tend to be more precise
on charts based on time than those based on volume, but many traders don’t worry
about precise trend lines and instead just use approximations.
I have a group of friends who use tick charts based on Fibonacci numbers,
and other friends who use time charts based on odd times, like eight or 13 minutes.
Everything works some of the time, but it is easier to trade if you pick just one chart.
It does not matter if it is a tick chart, a volume chart, or a time chart, and it does
not matter how many ticks, shares, or minutes are in each bar. There will be great
price action signals on all types of charts all day long. What is far more important is
a trader’s ability to read real time and manage trades correctly. You can experiment
with totally random numbers of ticks, shares, or minutes per bar and you will see
that the charts look great and have lots of reasonable signals. I personally like the
5 minute chart because trend lines and trend channel lines are often precise, there

276
DAY TRADING
are plenty of setups every day, and I can see when the bar is about to close, which
allows me to anticipate trades. With tick or volume charts, a ﬂurry of trades over
the course of a few seconds can cause the bar to close much sooner than expected,
and I ﬁnd that I end up missing too many of those great signals that are so easy to
see on a printout of the chart at the end of the day. Also, the trend lines are less
accurate. There is also a tendency for traders who use charts based on ticks or
volume to use smaller time frame charts. They do so to minimize their stop sizes,
hoping that the reduced risk will result in being proﬁtable. Invariably, they ignore
the trade-off of a lower winning percentage and end up losing money.

Figure 13.1
TIME FRAMES AND CHART TYPES
277
FIGURE 13.1
Swing Trading with Bar Charts
A simple bar chart such as those in Figure 13.1 is all that is necessary to swing trade
using price action. When there is a trend, look to enter with trend on a pullback,
like a high 2 in a bull trend or a low 2 in a bear trend. Also, after a strong trend
line break, look to enter countertrend on a test, like a higher low or lower low in a
possible new bull trend, if there is a strong reversal bar.

278
DAY TRADING
Figure 13.2
FIGURE 13.2
Pullbacks on 1 Minute Chart
If the 5 minute chart does not have pullbacks and you are struggling with how
to get long, consider looking at the 1 minute chart (see Figure 13.2). The thumb-
nail of the 5 minute Emini shows that it went 11.75 points up off the open with-
out a pullback. If traders missed the trend from the open long, they would have
missed the entire swing because there were no pullbacks. However, if they in-
stead looked at the 1 minute chart, there were three high 1 setups (bars A, B,
and C) where they could have entered. Aggressive bulls will buy place limit or-
ders at the low of the prior bar on the 1 minute chart, expecting every rever-
sal attempt to quickly fail. Once long, they will then manage their trades on
the 5 minute chart, never look at the 1 minute, and suddenly realize that those
are reversals that can be shorted. You looked at the 1 minute for only one
reason—to ﬁnd high 1 and 2 long entries because there were no pullbacks on the
5 minute chart. Trading countertrend on the 1 minute chart will cost you money. In
fact, those three long setups are at exactly the price that the 1 minute shorts would
have covered, and as they covered, they would become additional buyers and help
drive the market up.

Figure 13.3
TIME FRAMES AND CHART TYPES
279
FIGURE 13.3
Moving Average Pullbacks on 1 Minute Chart
As shown in Figure 13.3, this 1 minute chart of AAPL during a strong bear trend day
offered three good shorts at the 90 bar exponential moving average (equivalent to
the 5 minute 20 bar ema) with low risk (the height of the bar). The thumbnail shows
the strong 5 minute spike and channel bear trend. Most traders should just use one
chart and not bother with looking at a 1 minute chart. It is easy to get entranced by
all of the little moves on the 1 minute chart and miss the big picture on the 5 minute
chart, and then end up making far fewer ticks proﬁt. It is very easy for beginners
to over-trade, exit too soon, and not let proﬁts run, and end up losing money, even
though they correctly shorted all of the way down.

280
DAY TRADING
Figure 13.4
FIGURE 13.4
Volume and Tick Charts Have More Bars in the First Hour or So
The three charts shown in Figure 13.4 were from the same Emini day session. The
top was a 5 minute chart, the middle had 1,500 ticks per bar (1,500 trades per bar),
and the bottom had 20,000 contracts per bar (each bar closed on the ﬁrst trade
that made the volume 20,000 or more contracts since the start of the bar). They
had similar price action and all were tradable, but since the highest volume usually
takes place in the ﬁrst hour or so, the tick and volume charts were skewed, with
many more bars per hour earlier in the day and in the ﬁnal hour.

Figure 13.5
TIME FRAMES AND CHART TYPES
281
FIGURE 13.5
Price Action Works on Any Time Frame and Any Type of Chart
The chart on the left in Figure 13.5 has a Fibonacci 4,181 ticks per bar, and the chart
on the right is an 8 minute bar chart. Both had many reliable setups. Every type of
chart gives good signals some of the time, but it is easier to trade if you pick just
one chart. It does not matter if it is a tick chart, a volume chart, or a time chart, and
it does not matter how many ticks, shares, or minutes are in each bar. You can pick
totally random numbers. What is far more important is a trader’s ability to read real
time and manage trades correctly. What takes place on all of the charts is just an
expression of our genes, and it does not matter which portrayal of that expression
you use. All charts show the same behavior.

282
DAY TRADING
Figure 13.6
FIGURE 13.6
Big Bars and Reversals during a Report
Reports can lead to very emotional moves with big bars, outside bars, and several
reversals. In the seconds to minutes after a report comes out, computerized trading
by institutions gives them a clear edge in speed of analysis and order placement.
When your competition has a big advantage, don’t compete. Wait for their edge
to disappear and trade when speed is no longer important, which is usually after
the ﬁrst one to three bars. Despite the emotion that the rapid moves and big bars
generate in all traders, price action setups are still very reliable. In general, always
swing part of the position with a breakeven stop because sometimes a swing will
go much farther than you could ever imagine.
As shown in Figure 13.6, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) report
was released at 11:15 a.m. PST (it sometimes comes out several minutes late) and
caused emotional trading as evidenced by large bars, outside bars, and several re-
versals within the next 30 minutes. However, price action traders who remembered
the basic rules did well. Bar 2 was a large bull reversal bar, but whenever there is a

Figure 13.6
TIME FRAMES AND CHART TYPES
283
lot of overlap with the prior bar, a trading range might be forming and you should
never be looking to buy at the top of a range. Instead, look for trapped traders,
small bars, and second entries.
Bar 3 was a great short scalp because there were trapped overly eager bulls
who mistook the large reversal bar for a sensible long setup.
Bar 4 was the second attempt to reverse the breakout below the low of the day
that formed at the open. Second entries are always worth taking, and a bull trend
inside bar is as good as you are likely to get on an emotional day. Since this would
have resulted in at least two legs up, you needed to swing part of your position. The
initial stop was around the middle of the signal bar, and then one tick below the
bar 4 entry bar once that bar closed. The stop could then have been trailed below
the low of the prior bar and eventually moved to breakeven.
Emotional days often lead to trends that carry much further than you would
ever anticipate, and catching one like this is much more proﬁtable than the com-
bined proﬁts from many, many scalps. Here, the bull trend continued for almost
30 points, or about $1,500 per contract.

284
DAY TRADING
Figure 13.7
FIGURE 13.7
Scalps in First Hour on 1 Minute Chart
As shown in Figure 13.7, the ﬁrst couple of hours of the Emini provided many
proﬁtable scalps on the 1 minute chart for someone who could read price action
and place orders very quickly. It is very difﬁcult to do in actual practice, and most
traders would ﬁnd it too stressful to do correctly, resulting in them losing money.
Bar 1 was a false upside breakout of an iii pattern and a lower high on a gap
up day.
Bar 2 set up a high 2 at the moving average, a wedge bull ﬂag, and a trend
channel line reversal.
Bar 3 was a short on a failed breakout to a new high on a gap up day that could
have led to a test of the gap (the market usually tries to test gaps, so traders should
look for opportunities to trade in that direction).
Bar 5 was a low 3 at the moving average. A low 3 is a type of wedge or triangle,
and here it was also a triple top bear ﬂag.
Bar 6 was a failed micro trend line breakout and a breakout pullback from the
breakout of the bar 5 bear ﬂag.

Figure 13.7
TIME FRAMES AND CHART TYPES
285
Bar 7 reversed two bear trend channel lines, but was not a proﬁtable long,
leading traders to believe that the bears were strong. Because the channel was
steep, this was a wedge reversal and not a wedge bull ﬂag, so it was better to look
to buy a higher low after a trend line break or a move above the moving average.
Bar 8 was a failed trend line breakout, a double top pullback, a low 2 short
setup, and a ﬁve-tick failure long from bar 7. With so many factors favoring the
shorts, it was no surprise that the market fell quickly.
Bar 9 was a second attempt to reverse up from the bear trend channel line
overshoot and a reversal up after a sell climax at the end of a bear channel. When a
bear channel breaks to the downside and reverses up, it usually leads to at least a
two-legged rally that goes through the top of the channel.
Bar 10 was a bad short because traders were expecting a higher low and a
second leg up. It turned into a ﬁve-tick failure at bar 11, which is a reversal pattern.
If anything, traders should have bought below bar 10, expecting a second leg up.
Bar 11 was a double bottom bull ﬂag and a higher low that should have led to a
second leg up.
Bar 12 was a failed bull ﬂag breakout, but the spike up from bar 11 was strong
enough so that traders should have looked to short only a lower high.
Bar 13 was a high 2 at the moving average and a test of the breakout above
bar 10.
Bar 14 was a second-entry short in an expanding triangle top, as well as the
third push up in this bear rally and therefore a wedge short. It was also a trend
channel line reversal and a double top bear ﬂag with bar 5.
Bar 15 was a low 2 at the moving average, a failed trend line breakout (from
the bar 14 high), and a lower high after the bar 11 to bar 13 trend line breakout.
Bar 16 was another low 2 short at the moving average and a double top
bear ﬂag.


C H A P T E R 1 4
Globex, Premarket,
Postmarket, and
Overnight Market
T
he same price action techniques apply in all markets at any time of the day or
night. There are so many sophisticated international traders that many mar-
kets are traded 24 hours a day. The premarket extremes are often targets that
get tested during the day session, but it is not necessary to look at Globex prices
when trading the day session since very little is gained and the day session price
action will give adequate signals. Many traders use the Globex chart throughout the
day when they are day trading, and that is perfectly reasonable. I prefer the day ses-
sion chart, since trend lines and trend channel lines that extend over two or more
days are very reliable on the day session charts, and important to my trading.
When a stock has an earnings report after the close, some traders try to trade
them because the big moves appear to offer great proﬁt potential, but these moves
are very difﬁcult to scalp and most traders should not attempt it. The moves are
frequently too fast to read and allow proper order placement, have big slippage on
stop entries, have pullbacks that are large, and have reversals, and the market often
suddenly stops moving as soon as you understand what it has been doing.
287

288
DAY TRADING
Figure 14.1
FIGURE 14.1
Trading after the Close
As shown in Figure 14.1, Dell had an earnings report after the close and appeared to
offer some postmarket trading opportunities, but the moves are usually too difﬁcult
to trade proﬁtably for most traders. Bar 1 was a high 1 bull inside bar after the
upside breakout and set up a long at one penny above its high.
Bar 2 was a long at 1 cent above the high of the outside bar, which also broke
below a bull micro trend line and reversed up.
Bar 3 was a high 1 breakout long after a major trend line break.
Bar 4 was a bear reversal bar and a setup for a ﬁnal ﬂag short following a
buy climax after a breakout above a bull channel. Also, the bar 3 ﬂag broke a big
bull trend line, indicating that the bears were gaining a little strength. Fade a strong
trend only if there was ﬁrst a trend line break. Also, a countertrend trade in a strong
trend needs a 5 minute (not a 3 or 1 minute) reversal bar. The market went sideways
in a tight trading range for the rest of the postmarket session.

Figure 14.2
GLOBEX, PREMARKET, POSTMARKET, AND OVERNIGHT MARKET
289
FIGURE 14.2
Trading the Premarket
The premarket is tradable, but there are usually not many entries in the hour or
two before the New York Stock Exchange opens at 6:30 a.m. PST (see Figure 14.2).
There are often reports at 5:30 a.m. that result in quick trends and reversals, though.
Bar 1 was a wedge long and a double bottom, but traders would have had to
hold through the bar 2 pullback to make a proﬁt. A wedge bottom (or three pushes
down, or any of many other names for this pattern) usually leads to two legs up.
Bar 2 was a higher low and a small trend line reversal.
Bar 3 was a high 2 at the moving average.
A report resulted in a false breakout to the upside and then an outside down
bar (bar 4). Traders would have shorted below bar 3, where many longs would have
placed their stops.
Bar 5 was a breakout pullback.
Bar 6 was a second entry for a second attempt to reverse up from a new swing
low (bar 5 was the ﬁrst).

290
DAY TRADING
Figure 14.3
FIGURE 14.3
Tick Charts Have More Bars in a Fast Market
As shown in Figure 14.3, the Emini reacted poorly to the 5:30 a.m. PST unemploy-
ment report. This is a 100 tick chart where each bar represents 100 trades, indepen-
dent of the volume of the trades or the time. Note that the 30 bars between bars
1 and 5 all occurred within one minute due to the fast action off the report. These
bars were forming so rapidly that it would have been difﬁcult or impossible to trade
anything other than market orders. It was theoretically possible to make many prof-
itable scalps based on the price action, but most traders should never attempt to
trade this. The only purpose of showing it is to demonstrate that standard patterns
were present throughout.
The thumbnail charts are the 1 and 5 minute charts for the same 30 minutes of
trading.

Figure 14.4
GLOBEX, PREMARKET, POSTMARKET, AND OVERNIGHT MARKET
291
FIGURE 14.4
The Globex and Day Session Often Have Diﬀerent Setups
As shown in Figure 14.4, the bar chart of the Globex 24-hour session had an ex-
panding triangle ending at the bar 5 high (bars 1 and 3 were the ﬁrst two pushes
up), and the thumbnail shows the day session with the same numbering. A day ses-
sion trader did not need to see the Globex expanding triangle to go short at bar 5.
Bar 5 took out yesterday’s high and pulled back to the moving average. The market
then bounced to a lower high and had a short setup at the bar 6 double top bear ﬂag
(the ﬁrst top was six bars earlier).


C H A P T E R 1 5
Always In
T
his might be the single most important concept in trading. Traders should con-
stantly assess whether the market is trending, and an “always-in” approach
can help a trader to make that important determination. If you had to be in
the market at all times, either long or short, the always-in position is whatever your
current position is. Some variation of this is used by many traders, including in-
stitutions. For example, most mutual funds are usually always-in long, and most
hedge funds remain close to fully invested, but often have always-in long positions
in some markets while simultaneously having always-in short positions in others.
Individual traders should consider using an always-in approach if they tend to miss
too many big moves.
Determining the always-in direction is different from asking whether the trend
is up or down, because most trend traders don’t hold a position when the market
is unclear. The market, at all times, is either always-in long or always-in short, and
there is usually a general consensus about the direction of the trend. Traders who
take 20 or more trades a day see the always-in position ﬂipping repeatedly through-
out the day, but very few traders could reverse this often, day after day. However,
traders who are just looking for the best three to 10 swings a day, and are willing
to allow multiple pullbacks without changing their opinion about the direction of
the current swing, have an always-in mentality. They can either reverse at each new
signal or take proﬁts once a swing begins to weaken and then look for a trade in
either direction. Few traders actually stay in the market all day long, reversing at
every opposite signal. Most traders need to take breaks during the day and they
have a difﬁcult time placing reversal trades. Although they will take many always-
in reversal setups, they usually trade each as a swing trade, exiting before looking
293

294
DAY TRADING
for a trade in the opposite direction. They focus more on making a proﬁt that is at
least as large as the risk, rather than on reversing on the next opposite signal, and
use always-in signals as their entry setups. In general, if a signal is clear enough to
be an always-in reversal, traders should assume that it is then at least 60 percent
certain of reaching a proﬁt target that is at least as large as the risk. Even though
the minimum criterion for an always-in signal is that the market is more likely to
go in the new direction than in the old one, which implies that all that is needed is
51 percent certainty, most such signals are 60 percent certain or higher. For exam-
ple, in the Emini, if traders need to use a two-point stop to take a trade, they should
use a proﬁt target that is at least two points from their entry, and they will likely
have at least a 60 percent chance of success if they read the price action correctly.
If traders look at the chart at this moment and are forced to initiate a position
right now, either short or long, and they could decide at least slightly in favor of one
direction or the other, then they see an always-in position. This is the direction of
at least the short-term trend. If they cannot formulate an opinion, they should look
at the moving average and at the move that led to the current state of uncertainty
(remember, uncertainty means that the market is in a trading range). If most of
the closes of the recent bars are below the moving average, the always-in position
is probably short. If they are mostly above, always in is probably long. If the move
leading up to the trading range was a rally, the always-in position is probably long. If
it was a sell-off, always in is probably short. If you are hoping for a pullback to buy,
the always-in position is probably long. If you are hoping for a rally to short, always
in is probably short. If you simply cannot decide, then the market is in a trading
range and you look to buy low and sell high. Your goal is to get synchronized with
what the market is doing. It is like when you were a child and two of your friends
were swinging a jump rope and you were about to run in and start jumping the
rope. You would watch it intensely to sense the rhythm. Once you were reasonably
conﬁdent, you began jumping. With trading, once you are reasonably conﬁdent of
where the market it heading, that is the time to jump in.
Some traders use higher time frame charts to determine the always-in direc-
tion. For example, if they trade the 5 minute chart, and the 60 minute chart is in
a bull trend and above the moving average, they will look only for buy setups on
the 5 minute chart. Others use indicators on higher time frame charts in the same
way. For example, if the 60 minute stochastic is rising, they will look only to buy
pullbacks on the 5 minute chart. Some traders don’t feel comfortable evaluating 10
to 20 reversals a day on the 5 minute chart and instead prefer a higher time frame
chart where there might be only three to ﬁve decisions a day. This is an effective
approach, but since the bars are larger, stops have to be larger as well, and that
means that position sizes should be smaller.
Even before the market opens, traders have a bias that the ﬁnal always-in posi-
tion from yesterday might still be controlling the market. However, once there are

ALWAYS IN
295
two consecutive reasonably strong trend bars in the same direction, they proba-
bly create the new always-in direction. It is uncertain until there is a breakout and
then follow-through, but it is a starting point. If the context is right, it can lead to
a trade, like entering on the ﬁrst pullback. With a lot of experience, a trader could
theoretically stay in the market all day, reversing at each reasonable signal.
The market is always trying to reverse, and often comes very close, but lacks
that last bit of follow-through that traders need to become conﬁdent that the re-
versal was successful. These near ﬂips are great opportunities for the with-trend
traders. For example, if there is a bull trend that forms a strong bear breakout bar,
many bulls will buy the close of the bar, expecting that there will be no follow-
through selling. They correctly believe that most reversal attempts fail and that this
will be a brief opportunity to buy at a great price. Other bulls will wait to see what
the close of the next bar looks like. If it is not a bear close, they will buy the close,
and other bulls will buy above its high, and above the high of the strong bear bar
where bears might have their protective stops. When the bears don’t get the im-
mediate follow-through that they need, they will buy back their shorts. With both
the bulls and the bears buying, the market goes up for at least several bars. The
bears will not be willing to short until another reasonable setup occurs, and that of-
ten will occur after a new trend high. When beginning traders see that strong bear
spike, they become scared. They think that the market is breaking out and that they
need to short immediately. All they see is the very strong bear bar and suddenly ig-
nore the strong bull trend that preceded it. They end up shorting within a tick or
two of the low of the failed breakout attempt, and get stopped out as the market
works back higher. Often, the rally looks weak, so they do not buy. They keep look-
ing to sell a low 1 or low 2 short, expecting follow-through after that strong bear
spike, but the low 1 fails, and their stop gets hit. Then the low 2 fails, and they lose
for a third consecutive time. This is because they do not understand what it means
when a market is always-in long. It means that the bull trend is still in effect, and
although it almost ﬂipped to always-in short, it did not. Until it does, the only direc-
tion for trades is long. It is a costly mistake to keep betting that reversals will be
successful, because 80 percent of them are not.
Always in is a swing approach to trading. For it to be effective, traders should
look for only the most signiﬁcant three to as many as 10 swings a day and not
keep reversing at every minor signal (many days have 20 or more reversals, but
most are too small to be traded proﬁtably). Also, most traders exit some or all of
their position once the trade has moved in their direction for a distance equal to
about two or three times their initial risk, and they do not worry about staying in
the market at every moment. When institutions begin to take proﬁts, the result is
a pullback to a level where these institutions will reenter in the direction of the
trend, resulting in a resumption of the trend. When a strong trend transitions into a
trading range, the always-in position often remains unchanged. If traders are going

296
DAY TRADING
to trade in the trading range, they should scalp most or all of their trades. However,
if the always-in position does not change, they should consider taking scalps only
in the direction of the trend. For example, if there is a strong bear trend that is
starting to correct up, but there is no strong bull spike and the market is staying
below the moving average, the always-in position will remain down. Even though
the market is in a trading range, traders should look for scalps only in the direction
of the trend, which means that they should look for shorts. If there is a strong buy
setup, it will probably ﬂip the always-in position to long, at least for enough bars
to buy for a scalp. However, any buy setup that is not strong enough to ﬂip the
always-in direction to up is generally not worth trading.
Since this is a swing approach, traders should not use it when the market is in a
tight trading range. In fact, most traders should not trade then, and should instead
wait for the breakout or failed breakout. Either can lead to an always-in swing
trade. If experienced, proﬁtable traders want to trade in a tight trading range, they
should either take the always-in trade that was present prior to the formation of
the tight trading range and hold for a swing proﬁt, or simply trade scalps with limit
order entries, fading the extremes of the range and the breakouts above and below
the prior bars.
On trading range days, always-in reversals are often unclear until the market
gets near the opposite end of the range. For example, it often is not clearly long
until there is a bull spike that surges to the top of the range, and it is often not
clearly short until there is a strong bear spike that races to the bottom of the range.
However, buying near the top of the range and shorting near the bottom is the exact
opposite of what traders should be doing. Always in is a swing concept that applies
to trends, and is dangerous within trading ranges, where it is better to scalp and buy
low and sell high. For example, as the market is moving toward the top of the range,
there will be breakouts above swing highs within the range that might make some
traders see the market as ﬂipping to always-in long, but usually the swing high is
not important enough and the breakout and follow-through are not strong enough
to convince everyone that the market has ﬂipped. If you are looking at the move
up and are wondering if it has truly ﬂipped into an always-in long move, then you
are uncertain. Since uncertainty is the hallmark of a trading range, you have your
answer. Trends create a sense of sustained urgency. You are certain that the market
has more to go and you are desperately hoping for a pullback so you can buy lower.
Traders realize that if the move up is a new bull trend and not just a brief spike up
in a trading range, the move will have a series of strong bull bars and won’t pause
after going above each swing high. A consensus forms only if the market breaks
strongly above the entire range and has follow-through, not if there is simply a sharp
move within the range toward the top or bottom. Beginners are afraid that there
might not be much left to the move, but experienced traders know that a strong

ALWAYS IN
297
successful breakout from a trading range will usually reach a measured move target
at a minimum and provide plenty of room for a proﬁt.
On trading range days, the strongest bear spikes often form near the low of the
day because of a sell vacuum. The strong bulls expect a test of the low of the trad-
ing range, so they stop buying as the market approaches the low. This creates an
imbalance and the market falls quickly in a bear spike. Also, momentum programs
will sense the acceleration and they will also quickly short until the momentum
slows or reverses. If traders looked at only the current leg down, they would see
a strong bear spike and assume that the always-in trade had just become strongly
short. However, if they stepped back and looked at the entire chart, they would be
suspicious of a possible sell vacuum. Instead of looking for shorts, they would look
to buy the failed breakout attempt.
So what does a trader need to see to be able to choose an always-in direc-
tion? Almost all always-in trades require a spike before traders will have conﬁ-
dence. Traders want to see a breakout that is strong enough for them to expect
follow-through. The signs of strength of breakouts were discussed in the second
book. There usually has to have been at least two consecutive strong bull trend
bars before most traders will believe that the always-in direction is long, and at
least two consecutive strong bear trend bars before they will think that always in is
short. During the ﬁrst hour, before a clear trend is established, two consecutive bull
trend bars will make traders look for buy scalps, and two consecutive bear trend
bars will make them look for sell scalps. This is discussed in Chapter 19 on trading
the open.
If the context is right, even a single trend bar with an average range can be
enough to make traders believe that the always-in position has ﬂipped to the op-
posite direction. Usually, however, at least two or more consecutive trend bars are
needed before enough traders believe that the direction has reversed for there to be
signiﬁcant follow-through. Just like a countertrend trader might be willing to hold a
position through one pullback but not two (for example, when buying a bottom, the
bulls will exit and sometimes reverse to short if a low 2 triggers), always-in traders
will generally prefer to see a second consecutive strong trend bar before they feel
that the always-in position has reversed.
Since a second trend bar is usually needed for traders to believe that the
always-in position has reversed, the close of that trend bar is important. For ex-
ample, if there is a bear breakout bar, then traders will carefully watch the close of
the next bar. The bears will want a bear close and the bulls will want a bull body.
The market has inertia, so most attempts to change what it is doing will fail. This
means that many traders will buy the close of the bear breakout bar, expecting that
the follow-through bar will have a bull close and the bears will give up. If the break-
out is not too strong and there is a good reason to believe that the breakout should

298
DAY TRADING
fail (like a breakout attempt at the bottom of a bull ﬂag), this can be a good trade;
but because the decision is difﬁcult, only experienced traders should consider it.
The bulls want to buy pullbacks, so they look for bear spikes to fade. They see a
bear spike as a commitment by the bears who are on the wrong side of the market,
and will therefore have to buy back their shorts with losses. Also, those bears will
not look to sell again for at least a bar or two, so there will be fewer bears coming
into the market. This increases the chances that the bulls who bought that bear
spike will make a proﬁt. Similarly, when the market is always-in short, bears look
at bull spikes at the top of small legs as great opportunities to short. They assume
that the bulls will be trapped and will soon have to become sellers as they exit their
longs with losses.
If the follow-through bar is strong, traders can enter on the close of the bar or
on a small pullback. For example, if there is a strong bull breakout and the next bar
is a strong bull trend bar, many traders will buy on the close of that follow-through
bar or on a one- or two-tick pullback. If the follow-through bar is weak, like a doji,
it is usually better to look to buy pullbacks rather than the close of the bar. If the
follow-through bar goes only a few ticks beyond the breakout bar, odds favor a
failed breakout. If it goes many ticks beyond, the odds favor the bar becoming a
strong trend bar once it closes. Most traders will see the market as having a clear
always-in direction. Sometimes the market goes only a few bars beyond the break-
out bar and then quietly reverses in a channel against the direction of the breakout
without ever clearly conﬁrming that the breakout has failed and that the always-in
direction has ﬂipped. In this case, the always-in position is probably unchanged for
most traders, but they will have protective stops to get them out if the pullback
grows too far. The market is likely entering a trading range, so they will convert
to a trading range mode of trading, which means scalping and not allowing their
winners to turn into losers. For example, if there is a bull breakout followed by a
few weak bars of follow-through, and then the market begins to form a weak bear
channel without ever having a bear spike, the market can remain always-in long.
However, bulls should have protective stops, just in case the bear channel falls a
long way without ever having a clear bear reversal. If bulls bought early on and had
a large open proﬁt, they could have their stops at breakeven. If they bought late,
they should probably exit below the signal bar. In general, if the follow-through is
weak, traders should not buy near the high, and should instead wait to buy a pull-
back. If they did buy near the top, they could only do so because they sensed ur-
gency. If there is no immediate follow-through to prove that the urgency is present,
they should exit and look to buy on a pullback.
As a guideline, the minimum requirement for an always-in ﬂip to short is usually
that the follow-through bar not have a bull close. If it is a small bear bar or a doji
bar, this is conﬁrmation that the bears are in control for most traders, but it is a sign
that the new bear trend is not strong. It is better to look to sell rallies and low 1 and

ALWAYS IN
299
low 2 setups than it is to sell the closes of the bars. If the follow-through bar has a
strong bull body or is a bull reversal bar, this can be a buy signal for a failed break-
out. If it has a small bull body, most traders will wait for more evidence before
shorting, but believe that the chance of a new trend is much less. The opposite is
true when the market is breaking out into a possible always-in bull. The minimum
requirement for the follow-through bar is usually that it does not have a bear close.
If the follow-through bar is not impressive, then look to buy pullbacks instead of
buying the close of the bar. If the follow-through bar has a bear close, the breakout
might be a bull trap, and this is often a signal bar for a failed breakout short. How-
ever, occasionally the market might have ﬂipped into a bull trend, but traders will
need more conﬁrmation before drawing that conclusion.
Once traders are conﬁdent that the breakout has follow-through, they will then
look for a measured move. For example, if there is a strong bull spike lasting three
bars and breaking above a trading range, many traders will believe that there will
probably be a measured move up based on the height of the spike or the height of
the trading range, and many will immediately buy at least a small position at the
market. Since they are conﬁdent, then they are at least 60 percent certain about
the directional probability (discussed in book 2) of an equidistant move, and when-
ever that is the case, the math favors taking a trade. As the spike continues, the
risk remains constant, and the directional probability of an equidistant move will
stay at 60 percent or better, but the reward grows and this makes the trade even
better mathematically. If they buy at the top of a strong three-bar spike in Goldman
Sachs (GS) and the spike is $1.00 tall, there is at least a 60 percent chance that the
market will go up for a measured move of $1.00 before it falls $1.00 to the bottom
of the spike. If the spike grows to $1.50 over the next couple of bars, they are still
risking to the bottom of the spike (they would probably have tightened their stop
at this point), and now the measured move target is $1.50 above the current bar
and $2.00 above their entry. They now have at least a 60 percent chance of making
$2.00 before losing no more than $1.00, which means that their trade is very strong.
If the spike continues to grow, the probability will remain good and the reward
will continue to grow. As traders tighten their stops, the risk shrinks and the trade
becomes even better mathematically. In general, whenever the market is clearly al-
ways in and traders are assessing a trade using the trader’s equation, they should
assume that the probability is at least 60 percent.
The market usually enters always-in mode at some point in the ﬁrst hour, and
many traders like to take an always-in trade at that point. Some take proﬁts once
the market moves in their direction for a distance that is one or two times greater
than their risk. For example, if they bought an always-in entry in Apple (AAPL)
and their initial protective stop was a dollar below their entry price, they would
try to exit some or all of their trade after a dollar or two of proﬁt. Others prefer
to hold their position until there is a clear reversal and the market has ﬂipped to

300
DAY TRADING
always in, but in the opposite direction. Then they would reverse their position and
truly stay always in the market. Since most traders do not have the ability to ﬂip
on every minor reversal, they instead look for only the very strongest two to ﬁve
reversals of the day. Sometimes there will be a pullback that just keeps growing,
but does not clearly create an always-in reversal. For example, if the market had
a strong bull spike and the market was clearly always-in long, but then there was
a low-momentum pullback that went on for hours, traders need to reassess their
premise. They should keep a worst-case scenario protective stop in the market just
in case the pullback continues to grow to the point that the market falls below their
entry price. It will sometimes do that without ever having a clear bear spike and an
always-in sell signal. If they had an open proﬁt of several Emini points, they would
probably not want the market to come back to their entry price, and they might
choose to use a breakeven stop. If they get stopped out, they could wait and look
for an always-in trade in either direction. If the market pulls back within minutes
of their entry before they had any meaningful proﬁt, their protective stop should be
below the bull spike, even though it might be far away. If it is far, their position size
has to be small enough to keep their risk within their normal limits.
Once you believe that the market has become always in, it is usually best to
enter at least a small position at the market or on a tiny pullback. This is especially
true when the always-in direction is clear and strong. When the momentum is low
and there is not that sense of urgency, some traders prefer to enter on a larger
pullback. However, they risk missing the move since many great always-in trades
begin with low momentum, but they just keep going without a pullback until after
many bars and many points. In general, whenever the market is always-in long,
traders will look at every attempt by the bears to turn the market down as a buying
opportunity, because they know that most attempts to reverse a trend will fail. They
will buy at and around the close of any bear trend bar, at and below the low of the
prior bar or any prior swing low, and below all support levels, like bull trend lines.
When the market is always-in short, traders will see every attempt by the bulls to
reverse the market up as a selling opportunity, because they correctly assume that
most such attempts will fail. They will short around the high of any bull trend bar,
the high of the prior bar, any prior swing high, and any resistance level, like a bear
trend line.
Since you are swinging during always-in trading, you have to allow pullbacks,
which are inevitable. Most pullbacks are not reversal entries, so you cannot al-
low yourself to be constantly worrying about every move that is against your po-
sition. In general, if there is a pullback that would have hit a breakeven stop and
then the market resumes in your direction for several bars, it should not come
back to your entry price again. Therefore, in most cases, you could then move
your stop to breakeven. If it is hit by that second pullback and you are not certain
of the market’s direction, just remain ﬂat until you feel comfortable with another

ALWAYS IN
301
always-in setup. Remember, uncertainty is a hallmark of a trading range and always
in is an approach for trends.
If you believe that there is an always-in direction, you should not take coun-
tertrend trades. This is because they almost certainly would have to be scalps,
which means that the risk would probably be about twice the reward and the
chance of success would have to be an unrealistic 70 percent or greater. If you
think that there is going to be a pullback, it is far better mathematically to wait to
enter in the direction of the trend at the end of the pullback than it is to bet that the
pullback will be large enough and mathematically certain enough for you to make
a proﬁtable countertrend scalp.
I have a friend who patiently waits for an always-in setup in the ﬁrst couple of
hours every day, and when he ﬁnds one, he expects a trend to last for at least a
couple of hours and cover at least a third of an average daily range. Once he sees
his always-in setup, he enters the market and then places a bracket order where the
stop is beyond the signal bar and his proﬁt-taking limit order is at some measured
move target or support or resistance area that is at least twice as far away as his
stop. Since he is taking an always-in entry, the probability of at least an equidistant
move is 60 percent or better. If he is risking two points in the Emini, then he has
at least a 60 percent chance of making two points before his protective stop is
hit. However, when he is risking two points, his proﬁt target is always four points
or more, and with an always-in entry, his probability of success is likely at least
50 percent. Although the probability is never known with certainty, it is likely over
60 percent with many of his entries. However, he, like many traders, does not want
to trade in the middle of the day when minor reversals are common. So what does
he do while he is waiting for his trade to work? He goes on errands or out for
exercise. He comes back a couple of hours later, and at that point, he looks for an
always-in trade into the close of the day.
What constitutes a strong always-in market? Since always in can occur only
when there is trend or at least a potential trend, look for the signs of strength in
trends and reversals. There is a list of them at the beginning of this book (Introduc-
tion). The more that are present, the more likely you will make a proﬁt. An obvious
one is a strong spike, especially if it lasts for several bars. For example, if there is a
strong reversal up on the open and the spike at this point is made of three reason-
ably sized bull trend bars, traders are buying at the market and on tiny pullbacks.
They do not want to wait for a pullback, because they are more conﬁdent that the
market will be higher at some point over the next several bars than they are that
there will be a pullback. This urgency is a perfect always-in situation, and if you are
not long, you should consider buying at least a small position at the market or on
a limit order located a few ticks below the high of the bar. You can see where your
stop would have to be, which might be at the low of the entry bar of the reversal. If
that means you have to risk eight points and you normally risk only two, then take

302
DAY TRADING
only a quarter of your normal position size. The most important consideration for
you is that you must get long, even if it is a tiny position, because you are conﬁdent
that the market is going higher. If you believe that the day is becoming a strong bull
trend day, try to hold at least some of your position until the close of the day, unless
a clear and strong bear reversal develops.
For stocks, breakeven stops have less chance of being hit, so it is more prof-
itable to look to swing trade. Typically, look to scalp out a third to a half after about
a 0.5 to 1 percent move or about twice the size of your initial risk, and then swing
the balance. If the market appears to be reversing against your trade but has not yet
reversed, like at a test of a high of the day, take off another quarter to a third, but
always try to let at least a quarter run until your breakeven stop is hit, until there is
a clear and strong opposite signal, or until the close. Trends often go much further
than you could ever imagine.
Hold the position through repeated pullbacks until you exit at your target price,
until there is a clear reversal setup, or until the protective stop is hit. Sometimes
a pullback is violent, but not enough to trigger an always-in reversal, so stick with
your original plan and don’t be upset by a single large trend bar against your posi-
tion. If your stop is hit, stay out of the market until there is another clear and strong
setup in either direction. If there is a clear and strong setup, repeat the process.
If your trading size is two contracts and you are long one when a reversal pattern
triggers, sell three. One gets you out of your remaining long position and the other
two start the process in this new, opposite direction. Scalp the ﬁrst for one to two
times the size of your risk and swing the second.
The key to this approach is to enter or reverse only when there is a clear and
strong setup. If not, rely on your breakeven stop, even though you may give back
all of the gains on your swing portion. If you watch a small basket of stocks, almost
every day at least one will set up with a reliable entry that will allow you to put on
a swing trade.
At any moment during the day you might decide that there is clearly a trend or
that there has been a clear reversal. You need one or both for any always-in trade.
One side is in control of the swing and there is likely more to go in that direction.
Think about where the protective stop would be and calculate the number of ticks
that you would be required to risk if you were to enter at the market. As a general
rule, the trend will likely continue about the same number of ticks and the odds
of success are better than 50–50, since you believe that there is a trend. If you
are conﬁdent that the market is always in, the probability is likely 60 percent or
more. After the trend continues, you are usually able to trail the protective stop
and reduce your risk. Also, your original proﬁt goal can increase if the market has
trended a long way since your entry, and the new protective stop location leads to
a new proﬁt projection. This results in a revised evaluation with a proﬁt potential
that is greater than your risk with the probability of success still greater than 50–50.

ALWAYS IN
303
The improving math that is inherent in swing trading during trends is the reason
that it is one of the best ways to trade, especially for beginners.
Experienced traders can use the always-in approach to scale into positions in
the direction of the trend, but this requires conﬁdence in your assessment of the
strength of the trend. For example, if traders feel that there is a strong bull trend,
then they might use limit orders to scale into longs based on the recent average
daily range. If they are trading the Emini and the recent average daily range has
been about 12 to 15 points and the largest pullback in the past couple of hours has
only been two points, they might buy a small position on a one-point pullback and
buy more at one and two points lower (10 to 20 percent of the average daily range)
and then maybe use a stop on the entire position another couple of points down.
If the earlier pullbacks were three points, they might instead place a limit order to
buy three points down and buy more two or three points lower and use a two-point
stop on the entire position. If at any time the market ﬂipped to always-in short, they
would exit the position and look to get short. Scaling in is discussed in book 2.

304
DAY TRADING
Figure 15.1
FIGURE 15.1
Always-In Swing Trading
Always-in trading can be a proﬁtable swing trading approach during both trend
days and trading range days, if the trading range days have large enough swings.
As shown in Figure 15.1, the ﬁrst day was a trading range day, and the always-in
approach could have netted 52 ticks, or about $600 per contract. The second day
began as a trend from the open bear and then entered a trading range. An always-in
trader could have netted 79 ticks or about $950 per contract. A trader who traded
two lots, scalping one and swinging one, could have had 10 successful scalps each
day, yielding an additional $450 per contract per day. It sounds and looks easy, but
is very difﬁcult to do.

Figure 15.2
ALWAYS IN
305
FIGURE 15.2
Higher Time Frame Charts
A 5 minute chart, such as the one on the right in Figure 15.2, has 81 bars and more
than 20 reversals on most days. Traders who are uncomfortable making that many
decisions about the always-in direction can reduce the number of decisions by re-
ducing the number of bars on the chart. The bar numbering on all three charts is
the same. The chart on the upper left is a 15 minute chart and the one on the bottom
left has 10,000 ticks per bar. Both of these higher time frame charts had far fewer
reversals, yet had several good signals, which were enough for a trader to make a
living. Since the bars are bigger, stops have to be larger to give the trade a chance
to work. To keep the total dollars at risk the same as with a trade on the 5 minute
chart, the position size has to be smaller.

306
DAY TRADING
Figure 15.3
FIGURE 15.3
Gap Up, Then Pullback
As shown in Figure 15.3, the market had a large gap up, but a strong bear rever-
sal bar followed, so the day might have become a trend from the open bear day.
This is a reliable always-in short setup. However, traders know that large bull trend
days can develop whenever there is a large gap up and that the market often trades
sideways to down for an hour before there is a bull breakout. Because of this, even
though they shorted, they were willing to reverse to long. Bar 4 was a bear trend
bar, but it had a large tail and no follow-through over the next couple of bars. Also,
the second bar of the day was a strong bull bar instead of a strong bear bar, which
traders would have wanted to see for their entry bar. This was not behaving like
a strong bear trend. Many would have exited above the inside bar after bar 4 and
waited for a second signal, but technically the market was still always-in short be-
cause there had not been a clear buy signal. There was a small two-legged move
up to bar 5, and the market might have been trying to form a double top with
either the ﬁrst or the second bar of the day. It did not matter which you chose
to consider as the ﬁrst top, because the implication was the same. Some traders
thought of the ﬁrst top as the ﬁrst bar and others attached more signiﬁcance to
the second bar. The bar after bar 5 was a bear inside bar and a second sell sig-
nal, but the market again failed to create a strong bear trend bar over the next
couple of bars. Again, the bears would have seen this as a problem. At this point,
the market had been in a tiny range for over 30 minutes, and when that happens,
especially when there is a large gap opening, the market is in breakout mode.

Figure 15.3
ALWAYS IN
307
Traders would have placed buy stops at one tick above the high of the range and
would go short on a stop at one tick below the low of the range. This was a reliable
breakout mode situation.
Bar 7 was a bull ii pattern after the bar 5 double top and after the bars 4 and 6
double bottom. An ii pattern is a pause, which is a type of pullback, so this was an
even smaller breakout mode setup since the market was setting up both a double
top pullback and a double bottom pullback entry. Although some traders would
have entered on the breakout of the ii pattern, most would have waited for the
breakout of the opening range.
The bar before bar 8 was a strong bull trend bar that closed above the bar 5
high, and many traders went long above that swing high. Bar 8 was an even larger
bull trend bar and a breakout of the opening range. At this point, traders saw the
bull breakout of a breakout mode setup on a strong gap up day and believed that
the market was now in a bull trend. Since they didn’t know if there would be a
pullback anytime soon and they were conﬁdent that the market would likely be
higher before long, they were buying at the market, which was exactly what the
institutions were doing and therefore the correct thing to do. The odds were good
that the range would be at least equal to the recent average daily range, and that
increase in range would very likely be due to higher prices. Beginners are often
frightened by the rapidity of a breakout and the size of the stop required, but they
should learn to enter at least a small position at the market and hold until there is a
strong sell setup, like the bar 18 ﬁnal ﬂag reversal. If they bought around the close
of bar 8, their theoretical protective stop was below bar 7, the most recent higher
low. If this is three times larger than they are comfortable using, they should buy
just one third size. Alternatively, they could risk to just below the bar 8 low, since a
strong breakout should have immediate follow-through. They would have a higher
chance of being stopped out, but if the market hit their stop and turned back up,
they could buy again for the swing.
Bars 9 and 10 were also large bull trend bars, but as such they were buy cli-
maxes, and consecutive buy climaxes are usually soon followed by a larger side-
ways to down correction. The bars became small and the market entered a tight
trading range for the next couple of hours, but it never pulled back to the moving
average. It tried to on the pullbacks to bars 13 and 15, but the bulls were so aggres-
sive that they had buy limit orders several ticks above the moving average. They
were so afraid that the market might not touch the moving average that they placed
their buy orders above it. This is a sign of a very strong bull market. However, when-
ever there is a long sideways correction in a strong bull trend, it will break the bull
trend line and it might become a ﬁnal ﬂag, as it did here. This made the bulls ready
to quickly take proﬁts. Bars 11, 13, and 15 were three pushes down in a tight trading
range and can be viewed as a triangle or a wedge bull ﬂag.
Consecutive bear trend bars breaking below a trading range will not neces-
sarily convince traders that the always-in direction has ﬂipped to short. The two

308
DAY TRADING
Figure 15.3
bear trend bars that broke below the tight trading range that followed bar 12 were
small, and there was no prior bear strength. Traders did not short and instead were
looking to buy a 20 gap bar pullback to the moving average. The three bear trend
bars that broke below the bar 14 lower high did not create an impressive bear
spike, and the bulls were still looking to buy the ﬁrst pullback to the moving aver-
age. There was no signiﬁcant selling pressure leading up to this and no signiﬁcant
bear strength. Traders believed that the always-in direction was still long, and they
bought the two-legged sideways correction to bar 15.
Bar 17 was another strong bull breakout and therefore also a spike and a
climax, but since it might have been a breakout of a ﬁnal ﬂag, it could have failed
and been followed by a trend reversal. Bulls and bears look for large bull trend
bars in a trend that has gone on for 20 or more bars, especially if the move up is out
of a potential ﬁnal ﬂag, as it was here. Traders saw the large trend bar as climactic,
and suspected that a correction might soon begin. Because of this, traders began
to sell. The bulls sold out of their longs to take proﬁts, and the bears sold to initiate
new shorts. They sold on the close of the bar, above its high, on any small bar that
followed (especially if it had a bear close), and below the low of the prior bar. Both
the bulls and the bears expected at least a two-legged correction that would last
at least 10 bars and possibly test the bottom of the bar 15 bottom of the potential
ﬁnal ﬂag. If the move down was very strong, both would have waited to buy. If it
was a simple two-legged correction and the market looked poised to rally, both
would have bought. The bulls would have reinstated their longs, and the bears
would have bought back their proﬁtable shorts. Here, the series of bear bars down
from bar 14 were likely to be followed by lower prices, and therefore there was no
signiﬁcant buying into the close.
Bar 18 was the third push up on the day (bars 3 and 12 were the ﬁrst two
pushes) and a possible ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, both from the large trading range between
bar 11 and bar 16, which was a triangle, and from the two small bars that followed
the bar 17 buy climax. It was also the third push up, where bars 14 and 17 were the
ﬁrst two pushes. The market often pulls back around 10:30 to 11:00 a.m. PST, with
the pullback ending around 11:30 a.m. Also, the market had not touched the moving
average all day, although it came close at bar 15. The next pullback was likely to be
deeper, since subsequent pullbacks often are, especially after 11:00 a.m. PST or so,
and a deeper pullback would have been so close to the moving average that it would
almost certainly have to penetrate it, at least by a little. This combination of factors
made experienced traders wonder if the strong bull trend was transitioning into a
trading range. There was also a chance that the pullback could become a large, deep
pullback, or even a bear trend, since the triangle to bar 15 broke the steep trend line
from the bull trend between bars 6 and 12, and bar 18 was a possible higher high
trend reversal. Many took their ﬁnal proﬁts below the two-bar reversal at the bar
18 high, and looked for at least a two-legged, 10 bar correction that touched the
moving average before considering getting long again into the close of the day.

Figure 15.3
ALWAYS IN
309
Bar 19 was a strong bear spike, which alerted traders to a possible bear channel
after a pullback. Some traders would have reversed to short on the ﬁnal ﬂag top,
but since the market had not yet touched the moving average all day, there would
have been 20 gap bar longs coming in at the moving average. Because of this, the
always-in position was probably still long. Bulls assumed that there would likely
not be a bear bar for the next bar, so they bought at the close of the bar. Most
attempts to ﬂip the always-in position fail, especially in a strong trend.
Bar 23 was a double bottom long entry at the moving average, but became the
ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal down. The always-in position ﬂipped to short for
most traders once the market traded below the bar 24 low. This was a bull trap and
a small ﬁnal ﬂag top (the breakout from a ﬁnal ﬂag can be a lower high). The bar
after bar 25 was a ﬁrst moving average gap bar long setup, but the trend was now
down. There was a strong bull trend bar, but instead of a failed breakout below the
top trading range, it failed to have follow-through and was followed by a breakout
pullback short entry at the moving average either on bar 26 as it went outside down
or below its low (shorting below a bear bar that is a moving average test below the
moving average is a reliable trade).
By bar 27, the market was clearly always-in short, and traders were shorting
at the market for the trend into the close. Risk managers were walking the ﬂoors
and telling their traders that they had to dump their longs. The traders hated that
because they were clinging to the hope that the bull trend would resume and bail
them out, but their boss would not allow them to wait. They and the risk managers
get paid for performance, and the traders can be emotionally attached to their los-
ing longs, but the risk manager’s job is to be unemotional and to accept losses when
doing so makes sense. The boss always wins, and the result was a bear trend into
the close. The trend is enhanced by momentum sell programs that detect the strong
trend and sell into it, as long as the momentum down continues.
In the rally from bar 6 to bar 12, the biggest pullback was only about a couple
of points. Experienced traders might have placed limit orders to scale in on any
one- or two-point pullback and add on at one to two points lower, and might have
risked two to three points below their ﬁnal entry. If the market ﬂipped to always-in
short, they would have exited their longs and looked to go short. If they bought one
contract on a one-point pullback and added one more one point lower, they would
have been long two contracts at bar 13. They could have placed their protective
stops two to three points lower or maybe a couple of points below the moving
average. Since this was a bull trend, they expected at least a test of the high, and
they could have taken a one-point proﬁt on their ﬁrst contract as the market went
to a new high and then either placed a limit order to exit the other contract at
about four points (about twice their initial risk on that entry) or exited once the
market stalled around bar 18 where the market might have been setting up a ﬁnal
ﬂag reversal from the bar 12 to bar 16 potential ﬁnal ﬂag.

310
DAY TRADING
Figure 15.4
FIGURE 15.4
Look for Early Swing Setups
Traders should look for always-in trades early in the day because they often result
in proﬁtable swing trades. Also, sometimes just a single strong trend bar is all that is
required to make most traders believe that the market has established an always-in
direction. In Figure 15.4, the bar 3 strong bear outside down bar that reversed down
from the breakout above the bull channel probably made most traders believe that
there would be follow-through and that the always-in position was now short. This
large bear bar following the strong bull trend bar was a reasonable candidate for a
high of the day and a trend from the open bear setup.
AAPL had a gap test at bar 1, which was a strong reversal bar that reversed up
after hitting a new low on the day and after breaking below a bear trend channel
line. This was a great entry for a swing long that would have netted almost $4.00
by the close. The gap up was the spike and bar 1 was the pullback that led to the
channel that topped out at bar 3. Some traders assumed that the always-in position
had ﬂipped to long above bar 1, and others came to that conclusion during either
of the two bull trend bars that followed. The ﬁve-bar bull spike erased the ﬁve-bar
bear spike that led to the bar 1 low. This was a climactic reversal, and the odds
favored at least a second leg up.
The four-bar bull spike to bar 7 was strong, but the four-bar bear spike down
to bar 6 had been stronger. Most traders still believed that the always-in position

Figure 15.4
ALWAYS IN
311
was still short and they wanted to see a higher low or lower low pullback before
looking for longs.
Bar 8 was a reversal up in a wedge bull ﬂag and a higher high above bar 1. If you
simply exited your short instead of reversing to long, the trade would have netted
about $2.40. Many traders believed that the always-in position reversed to up when
the market went above bar 8, and more became convinced in the bull trend bar
that followed. The prior bull strength on the move up to bar 7 was a sign of buying
pressure, and it gave the bulls conﬁdence that the buying might even be stronger
on this second attempt to reverse the market up.
When the market needs one more bar to ﬂip the always-in direction, traders
often fade the move, expecting that bar to not materialize. For example, if bar 5
was a strong bull trend bar, many traders would have changed their always-in short
position to long (most saw the market always-in short after the ﬁve bars down from
bar 3). Because they know that most attempts to ﬂip the direction fail, they would
have shorted the close of the bull trend bar before bar 5, expecting bar 5 to not be
a strong bull bar and for the bear swing to resume.

312
DAY TRADING
Figure 15.5
FIGURE 15.5
Follow-Through Is Often Likely
Whenever traders are conﬁdent of the direction over the next several bars, there
is an opportunity for a trade. Each gray rectangle in Figure 15.5 is an area where
traders believed that there would have been follow-through. The small horizontal
line within each box was at the price where most traders shared that belief, al-
though many traders were conﬁdent earlier. When a trend is strong, as it was in the
sell-off from bar 14, there usually are several consecutive breakouts where traders
develop renewed conﬁdence.
Although some traders are strict always-in traders and stay in the market, long
or short, for the entire day, most take proﬁts along the way and exit whenever they
believe that the market has lost its direction. Traders will generally exit a trade on
a signal in the opposite direction, even if that signal is not strong enough for them
to reverse direction. Remember, it takes less to convince traders that it is time to
exit a long than it does for them to take a short. The bulls who bought at the close
of bar 1 or one tick above its high were concerned by the large bar 3 bear reversal
bar, especially since opening reversals can have protracted follow-through. Bar 3
alone was not likely to be enough for most traders to see the market as always-in
short, but many would have exited their longs or reversed to short below the bar 4
small wedge bear ﬂag lower high. Others would have exited their longs or re-
versed to short below the bar 5 second-entry breakout pullback from that bear ﬂag.

Figure 15.5
ALWAYS IN
313
Most traders would have seen the market as always-in short by the close of the bear
bar that broke below bar 5, one tick below its low, or the close of bar 6.
The strong reversal up from a new low of the day at bar 7 was a concern for
the bears because it was another opening reversal and a possible low of the day.
There was a two-bar spike down from bar 3, and bar 7 was the third push down in
a possible spike and wedge channel, where the bar after bar 3 was the ﬁrst push
down and bar 6 was the second. Some bears would have exited above bar 7, and
most would have gotten out above the bar 8 higher low. Bar 7 was a breakout above
the micro channel from bar 5, and bar 8 was the breakout pullback buy signal. Many
traders saw the market as ﬂipping to always-in long above bar 8, and most were
convinced when the market reversed above the bull ii pattern at bar 10, which was
also a failed low 2 short. They believed that the bear ﬂag failed and that the market
would go up for at least a measured move based on the height of the bar 7 to bar 9
bear ﬂag.
In the free fall from bar 14, there were several other areas where traders devel-
oped renewed conﬁdence that the market was going to fall more over the following
bars, like on the close of bar 18, one tick below the inside bar that followed it, and
one tick below the bar 18 low. Even though the inside bar after bar 18 had a bull
body, traders still felt that the trend was down and that the bar was likely a low
1 short setup. This was also the case at bars 21 and 24. The trader’s equation is
excellent for shorting, even if the probability only feels like it is 50 percent. It is
actually at least 60 percent, but traders often are frightened and are in denial, and
conclude that the probability of an equidistant move is only 50 percent. This gives
them a plausible, but incorrect, reason to not take the trade. They should short an
“I don’t care” size position at the market and use whatever size protective stop is
appropriate, like above the high of the most recent big bear trend bar, and then hold
through pullbacks until there is a clear buy setup, like the bar 25 lower low major
trend reversal. If the risk is four times bigger than normal, trade no more than one
quarter normal size. If they are still afraid, trade just 10 percent normal size. It is
important to get short when the institutions are shorting so aggressively, because
run-away trends have the strongest trader’s equations.

314
DAY TRADING
Figure 15.6
FIGURE 15.6
Always-In Setups
As shown in Figure 15.6, there were several areas where traders were conﬁdent of
the direction over at least the next several bars, and each was a reasonable entry for
an always-in trade. Aggressive traders would have entered earlier and taken more
reversal trades, but the highlighted areas were where the majority of traders were
conﬁdent of the always-in direction.
The traders who bought on the close of bar 14 or above the doji high 1 that
followed it would have been concerned about the second-entry short at the bar 16
higher high. This was also a potential top of the channel that followed the bar 14
spike, and the entire move from bar 11 to bar 16 might have been a higher high
after the potential bar 7 to bar 12 ﬁnal ﬂag. Most bulls would have exited below bar
16, and aggressive traders would have shorted, thinking that this was a reasonable
always-in ﬂip. More conservative traders who look for only three to ﬁve reversals a
day would have waited for the strong bear close on bar 19 or bar 20 before seeing
the market as always-in short.
When traders are conﬁdent, they should assume that they are at least 60 per-
cent certain. If their risk is about two points, then they need a proﬁt target that is at
least two points to have a favorable trader’s equation. This means that they could
have looked for entries around each of these areas and, after entering, placed a
bracket order for their exit. Their stop could be two points away from their en-
try price, and their proﬁt-taking limit order could also be two points away. If the

Figure 15.6
ALWAYS IN
315
market approaches their proﬁt target but then reverses, as it did on the rally after
the bar 7 close, they could tighten their stop. In this case, they would have exited
below the two-bar reversal at around breakeven. Some traders won’t adjust their
stop and will hold until their premise is clearly no longer valid, allowing pullbacks
along the way. Other traders will try for three- or four-point proﬁt targets when they
think that the signal is strong enough, like buying the close of either bar 5 or bar 6,
buying above the bar 13 breakout pullback (from the bars 9 and 11 high 2 bull ﬂag),
shorting below the bar 16 small wedge top, shorting the close of bar 20, shorting
below the bars 22 and 23 small low 2 breakout pullback, or buying above the bar
26 breakout pullback. Some traders would see those as the strongest setups, and
therefore maybe 70 percent certain of reaching a two-point proﬁt target before hit-
ting a two-point scalp. They would then just go for the two points, knowing that the
math was very strong.
Since most traders saw the market as always-in long by bar 6, they expected
that attempts to reverse it to short would fail. They then looked to buy the closes
of strong bear trend bars, like the one that formed four bars after bar 6 and the one
that tested the moving average two bars before bar 7.


C H A P T E R 1 6
Extreme Scalping
T
here are high-frequency trading ﬁrms that make tens of millions of trades a
day on a basket of 4,000 stocks, and they scalp for just a penny proﬁt on
each trade. That form of scalping is as extreme as it gets, but it is something
that average traders without supercomputers located right next to the exchanges
cannot hope to do. I have a friend who is an extreme scalper in the Emini, placing
about 25 trades a day and scalping for two ticks per trade. I could never get him
to tell me whether he used a protective stop or how big a loss he would allow. He
also would never clearly answer my questioning about scaling in. Some traders are
resistant to telling too much about what they do. I am not sure if it is because of the
unrealistic fear that the world would copy them and their system would no longer
work, or if they would be embarrassed to have people realize that they take lots of
trades but still net only a couple of points a day. However, he did say that he trades
about a hundred contracts per trade. A mutual friend told me that he had been to
his $2 million house, and I believe that he is making over a million dollars a year.
Although I think this is possible for the very few people who have a personality
that would allow them to do it, it would be virtually impossible for most traders,
so most people should never attempt it. In general, since scalping usually requires
the risk to be greater than the reward, the winning percentage has to be at least
70 percent to be consistently proﬁtable. That is not realistic for most traders, even
for very successful traders. However, there are some people who can make a liv-
ing scalping. Most traders, however, should only take trades where the reward is
at least as large as the risk, because the required winning percentage of at least
60 percent is much more realistically achievable. Even better, traders should focus
317

318
DAY TRADING
on trades where the reward is at least twice the risk because then they will make
money even if they win only about half the time.
Even though traders should focus on swings, they might be surprised to learn
that there are far more scalp setups on a 5 minute chart than they would ever imag-
ine. However, just because the setups exist is not an adequate reason to take the
trades. In fact, virtually no one should attempt to take the 30 to 40 scalps that are
present on a 5 minute chart of an average day because it is so difﬁcult to read the
chart accurately enough to quickly be able to trade proﬁtably this way. About a
third of the setups are for stop entries and about two-thirds are for limit order en-
tries. This is true of all markets and all time frames; about half of the bars have
reasonable scalp setups. Showing an example of extreme scalping is a good way
to demonstrate just how much subtle price action information is in front of you all
day long, and it might help you increase your focus. Some traders might be able to
do this for an hour or two at a time, but most should look for two- to four-point
swings instead.
There are many times when scalpers can make money by either buying or sell-
ing at the current price, as long as they manage their trades properly. This is true of
all trading, and beginners might ﬁnd it surprising. For example, if there is a big bull
trend bar in an established bull trend in the Emini and it is likely to have follow-
through, traders could buy around the close of the bar and risk about three points
to allow for a possible pullback. If the market goes right to his target, they could
exit with a proﬁt. If instead it pulls back for ﬁve to 10 bars but does not hit their
stops, they could wait through the pullback for the trend to resume, and then take
proﬁts at their original target. Many experienced traders would scale in during the
pullback and on the breakout of the bull ﬂag. Some would hold their entire position
until the market reaches their original target, where they would take proﬁts. Others
might choose to exit at the original entry and get out at breakeven on the ﬁrst entry
and with a proﬁt on the later entries.
Bears could have shorted at exactly the same price that the bulls bought, ex-
pecting the large bar to represent exhaustion. If the market sold off over the next
few bars, the bears would exit with a proﬁt. If instead the market went up for an-
other bar or two, they might scale in and sell more, maybe risking as many ticks as
there were in that large bull trend bar. For example, if the bar was 12 ticks tall, they
might add to their short at four or eight ticks higher, and risk 12 ticks from their
original entry for the entire position. If the market turned down after they scaled
in, they could exit the entire position at the original target or at the original entry. If
they exited at the original entry, they would make a proﬁt on their late entries and
would get out at breakeven on their ﬁrst entry. Both the bull and the bear scalpers
could therefore make a scalper’s proﬁt by entering at exactly the same time, but in
opposite directions. The key is money management.

Figure 16.1
EXTREME SCALPING
319
1,139
1,138
1,137
1,136
1,135
1,134
1,133
1,132
1,131
1,130
1,129
1,128
1,127
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous Contract [Mar10]
@ES.D - 5 min CME
1 3
6
9 12 15 18 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 48 51 54 57 60 63 66 69 72
MAX 20 (20) 1131.57  aBarCount 3 bar Date (1100107,1127,black,black,black,0.5,0)
L=1132.00   -13.25   -1.16%
Created with TradeStation
11:30
12:00
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
12:30
13:00
1/7
FIGURE 16.1
Extreme Scalping
The 5 minute Emini chart shown in Figure 16.1 illustrates extreme scalping. There
are 81 bars in a day, and every third one is numbered in the chart. If a trader wanted
to scalp 1 point using a two-point stop, there were at least 40 opportunities to do so
today. Remember, a trader entering on a stop usually needs a six-tick move beyond
the signal bar to be able to scalp four ticks with a proﬁt-taking limit order.
Bar 1 was a bull reversal bar and a possible failed breakout below a bear ﬂag
from yesterday’s close. However, it had a two-tick tail at the top and its high was
only four ticks below yesterday’s close and the moving average, so there might not
have been enough room for a buy scalp. Traders who bought above bar 1 saw the
weak close on the entry bar, and many would have exited around breakeven.
Bar 2 was a doji, and it could not close above bar 1. This was a sign of weakness
for the bulls and a sign of strength for the bears. This one-bar rally could have
developed into a breakout pullback, and it could have been followed by another leg
down. A trader could have placed an order to go short at one tick below bar 2.
Bar 3 did not ﬁll the short order, but it had a bear close and the bar failed to
go above bar 2. It therefore formed a double top with bar 2, just below the mov-
ing average, and could have led to a leg down. A trader could have shorted the
close of the bar and exited above its high or reversed to long there, or shorted on
a sell stop at one tick below its low. This would also have been shorting at one

320
DAY TRADING
Figure 16.1
tick below the bar 2 long entry bar. Many of those longs would likely have been
exiting at this exact location (below the entry bar), adding to the down move. If
triggered, this would have created a breakout pullback and likely led to a swing
down. Traders could have considered scalping one or two points, swinging the en-
tire position (they would have netted six ticks), or scalping part (maybe half) and
swinging part, hoping for three or four points on their swing portion.
The bar 4 entry bar was a strong bear trend bar and likely to form a new low
of the day at a minimum. The market tried to break out above bar 1 but failed and
was now trying to break out below its low. Since the market was below the moving
average and it gapped down out of a bear ﬂag from yesterday, the bears were strong
and could create a good swing down for a measured move. Bar 2 could have ended
up as the high of the day, and the day could have become a strong bear trend day.
With this bear strength, traders could have shorted more on the bear close below
the bar 2 long entry bar, or on a stop below the low of bar 4, or on the breakout
below bar 1 to a new low of the day.
Bar 5 expanded into a large bear trend bar on the breakout below bar 1. This
could have been either a sign of increased strength by the bears or of climactic
selling. Since the bar poked below a bear trend channel line, if the market had
reversed up from there it could have had at least two legs up. Also, since that would
have been the second attempt to reverse up from below yesterday’s low and it also
would have been a wedge reversal, it could have formed the low of the day. Traders
could have shorted the close of the bar, but if they did, they had to be prepared to
exit around breakeven if the market paused down here, and they had to be prepared
to reverse to long. There was a gap down on the open and then a pullback to the
moving average and now a sell climax. This could have been a spike and climax
bottom, and since the high or low of the day forms in the ﬁrst 90 minutes or so in
about 90 percent of days, traders had to look at every possible early reversal as a
possible extreme of the day.
The low of bar 6 was only ﬁve ticks below the close of bar 5, so those bears
who shorted below bar 5 came up one tick short of being able to scalp out one
point. At this juncture, they were nervous. They might have exited above this bar,
and some might even have reversed to long. Since the bar was a bear trend bar,
the bears were still in control, and most traders would have held short. The bar 6
low was also an exact measured move down from the high and low of bar 1, and a
perfect breakout test of a strong move up from two days ago (not shown).
Bar 7 was a bull two-bar reversal. This was a problem for the bears. Most would
have tried to exit at breakeven, but would have been willing to take a one- or two-
tick loss. Some traders would have bought the bull close for a possible low of the
day and a likely two-legs-up rally. Other traders would have entered long on lower
time frame charts and on reversals on other types of charts, like volume or tick
charts. Since about half of the range of bar 6 was overlapped by both the bar before

Figure 16.1
EXTREME SCALPING
321
and the bar after, a small trading range was forming. Countertrend trades usually
have pullbacks, so if traders bought above bar 7, they needed to hold their longs
during the expected pullback and hope that it formed a higher low.
Bar 8 closed on its high, so the bulls bought into the close of the bar, indicating
that they were eager to get long. However, the selling down to bar 6 was strong, so
the ﬁrst attempt to reverse up was likely to fail and probably to be followed by an
attempt to drive the market down. An alternative was to buy this strong close. If
traders believed that a second leg up was likely and they were expecting pullbacks
along the way, they could have looked to buy at or one or two ticks below the low
of any of the next few bars, expecting a failed low 1 and a higher low.
Bar 9 was a bear reversal bar, and it was unable to close above the high of
bar 8, which was a strong bull bar. There was no follow-through buying. Maybe
the bulls were weak and the bar 8 reversal up would fail and become a breakout
pullback on the breakout below bar 1 and therefore a low 1 short. Since the market
was correcting from a wedge bottom, a second leg up was likely, so rather than
shorting at one tick below bar 9, those already long would have held with stops
below the bar 5 signal bar. Because it was only one tick above the low of the day,
they would probably have put their stops one tick lower at just below the low of
the day. Some bulls who hadn’t yet bought would have waited to buy a higher low,
if one formed. Aggressive bulls would have bought on limit orders at the low of
bar 9, thinking that the market would probably have to dip one tick below its low
for those long limit orders to get ﬁlled, and if the market reversed up from there,
the bears would be trapped short on a one-tick failure and they would be very eager
to get out and help drive the market up. Other bulls would have placed limit orders
to go long at one, two, or three ticks below the low of bar 9. All of these orders
would have given support to the market. If the market dipped one tick below bar 9
and then bounced up two or three ticks within the next few seconds, some bulls
who had limit orders to buy at one or two ticks lower would have moved their long
limit orders up by a tick or two because they would have become more eager to get
in when they saw the market failing to sell off. Bar 9 was a bad low 1 short setup,
and therefore a higher low was likely. The market had a strong bear spike, which
is needed for a low 1, but it was not clearly in a bear trend, which is also needed
before shorting a low 1. Also, a trader should not short a low 1 after a sell climax,
and this was possibly one.
The bears saw bar 10 as a double top in a bear trend and hoped that it would
have resulted in a move similar to the move that followed the bars 2 and 3 dou-
ble top. However, they were concerned about that wedge bottom and would have
exited any new shorts quickly if the market did not fall sharply, as it did earlier
in the day.
Bar 11 fell two ticks below bar 9 and then rallied up sharply. The bulls who
tried to buy at the low of bar 9 and at one tick below it were happy to be long, and

322
DAY TRADING
Figure 16.1
those who wanted to buy at two or three ticks below bar 9 were afraid that they
had missed their chance. They were changing their limit orders to market orders,
which caused bar 11 to move up quickly. Also, those bears who shorted below bar
9 were afraid that the low 1 would fail and that the wedge would have a second leg
up, so they were now covering at the market or above the highs of 1, 2, or 3 minute
bars, or above bars on volume or tick charts. Bar 11 closed above the closes of the
past six bars (a sign of strength), and it was essentially an outside up bar at the start
of a possible new bull trend. Some bulls would have bought this strong close, given
that it followed strength in bars 7 and 8 and the trend might have reversed up. It
failed to have a high above the high of the prior bar, but with a low below the prior
bar and a high at the high of that bar, it was close enough for the market to react
to it as if it was an outside bar. At this point, it was a triple top with the two prior
bars, and if the market failed to reverse down and instead went one tick higher,
the pattern would have become a failed top and would likely be followed by more
buying. Bar 11 also broke below the trend line from bars 6 and 7 and below the trend
channel line from bars 9 and 10, and this created a small dueling lines long setup.
Bars 9, 10, and 11 formed a small expanding triangle that should have acted as a
bull ﬂag instead of a reversal pattern because a second leg up was likely.
Bar 12 broke out above the triple top and above the high of the bar 11 outside
up bar. Even though it was a small bar, it reached two ticks above the triple top.
If it reversed down after just a one-tick breakout, traders would have viewed that
as a possible bull trap and they would have looked to exit longs. Bears would also
have shorted it as a two-legged bear rally. Some bears would have placed orders to
go short at one tick below this bar, in case it became a low 2 short. However, with
its high so close to the moving average, they would have felt more conﬁdent about
their shorts if the market ﬁrst touched the moving average. Many would not have
looked to short until after the moving average was touched, because until it was
touched, they would have worried that the market might just go sideways until it
was tested. When the market gets within a tick or so of a magnet, traders do not feel
conﬁdent about the test unless the market gets that extra tick and actually touches
the magnet. Until that happens, they usually will not aggressively trade it as a com-
pleted pullback. Some bulls would have added to longs above this bar, thinking that
it was a failed chance for the bears to take control, which made the market more
likely to go up. The high of bar 12 was two ticks below the low of bar 3 and missed
the breakeven stops on those shorts by one tick. If the market sold off here, this
would have created a perfect breakout test (perfect because it tested those stops
as closely as it could without actually hitting them). If instead the market went
one tick higher, this breakout test would have failed; those remaining shorts would
have covered, and their buying would have propelled the market upward. Longs
knew this and would have placed buy stops to add to their longs at exactly that
price to proﬁt from that short covering.

Figure 16.1
EXTREME SCALPING
323
Bar 13 was a strong bull breakout bar, with the market breaking and closing
well above the moving average, the bear trend line, and the high of the strong bar 5
bear trend bar. The bear ﬂag failed and broke to the upside, and traders would have
looked for about a measured move up. If it was a successful bear ﬂag, they would
have expected a test of the low of the day. Once it failed, they would have looked for
it to go up for about the same number of points. Bulls would have bought this close
for a test of the high of the day. The day’s range had been only ﬁve points, which
was about half of the recent average daily range, so the market could have formed
a measured move up or down. At this point, since the bears had just covered, they
would have been unlikely to go short until at least two more attempts up and that
would have left the bulls in control for the next few bars. If there was to be a
measured move, up was more likely than down at this point.
Bar 14 was a bear reversal bar that could have formed a lower high, a failed
breakout, and a low 2 short. However, for the reasons just stated, it was more likely
that the market would have at least two attempts up after the bar 13 breakout, so
if this short triggered, it would be more likely to fail, and the failure would create
a breakout pullback long. The bulls would therefore have been trying to buy any
move below its low. If there was going to be just a one-tick move below its low,
forming a one-tick bear trap, aggressive bulls would have wanted to buy that move.
To do so, they would have put their limit orders to go long at the low of bar 14.
This is because there probably would not be enough bears shorting below bar 14 to
ﬁll all of those long limit orders placed by aggressive bulls. Since the bulls were in
control, there would probably have been more traders looking to buy than looking
to sell. Alternatively, the bulls could have placed a market if touched buy order
below the bar or simply bought at the market as soon as the market dipped below
bar 14. Other bulls would have placed limit orders to go long at two and three
ticks below.
Others would have wanted to buy two- and three-point pullbacks and would
have placed limit orders to go long at seven ticks and 11 ticks below the bar 14
high. If the market pulled back exactly two points, most traders trying to buy the
end of that pullback would have only been able to get long at seven ticks down and
not at the exact low, because there would likely have been far more contracts being
bid than being offered at the low tick, and those bulls would instead have had to
buy one tick higher.
Finally, some bulls would have seen every bear setup as a bull setup and would
have assumed that there would have been trapped eager bears who shorted into the
bear close. Those bears would have had to buy back their shorts at some point, and
many would have had their buy stops at one tick above this bear reversal bar. Smart
bulls knew this and were always trying to go long exactly at the price where trapped
bears would have been buying back their shorts. These longs would therefore have
placed buy stops at one tick above bar 14.

324
DAY TRADING
Figure 16.1
Bar 15 took out the high of the bar 14 bear reversal bar, but pulled back on
the close. It was possible that the bars 14 and 15 double bottom could fail to be a
bull ﬂag and lead to a sell-off, just like what happened with the bars 2 and 3 double
bottom. Also, the high of the bar formed a double top with the high of the open, so
the day could have turned into a double top bear ﬂag and could have a measured
move below the low of the day. The highs of bars 13, 14, and 15 created a micro
wedge. If it triggered, by the market moving below the bar 15 low, there could have
been a two-legged sideways to down correction. If the market instead broke to the
upside, the move up would have been a breakout to a new high of the day and
above a micro wedge, and there would have been more bears covering their shorts
and new bulls scalping the breakout.
Bar 16 was a big range breakout bar that broke a trend channel line. It could
have been a buy climax and it could have been followed by at least a two-legged
sideways to down correction that could have lasted an hour or more. Whenever
there is a large bull trend bar after a bull trend has gone on for a while, the odds
favor it representing exhaustion, with the last weak bulls buying, the last weak
shorts covering, and the strong bulls and bears waiting for the close of a large bull
trend bar like this to sell (the bulls selling their longs to take proﬁts, and the bears
initiating new shorts). The remaining shorts would have exited only on a pullback,
and the strong bulls would have bought again only after a pullback. This would be
similar to the sell climax that bar 5 represented. The high of bar 16 was just ﬁve ticks
below yesterday’s high, which is always a resistance area, and therefore traders
looking to buy above the high of this bar for a scalp would have been concerned
that the market would have to go above that resistance for them to make their
one-point proﬁt. Some bulls would have bought the close of this bar because they
could have exited with a one-point proﬁt on an exact test of yesterday’s high. An
exact test was more likely than a breakout above the high, but a lower high was
even more likely, especially after a trend channel line overshoot. Some new bulls
would have been quick to exit their longs on any hesitation or pullback because
they wouldn’t want to lose even one tick when they bought a possible buy climax
in an area of resistance. Others would have used a wider stop and added on as the
market went against them. These traders would have ultimately been successful.
Aggressive bears would have shorted the close of bar 16, or at or above its high, and
would have scaled in higher, risking about as many ticks as there were in bar 16.
Since it was two points tall, they might have risked two points to make one point,
and they would have tried to sell more at one point above the close or high of
bar 16. They were unable to scale in higher, but were able to scalp out with a one-
point proﬁt on the bar 26 strong bear trend bar. Their proﬁt taking contributed to
the reversal up after bar 26. Remember, all traders look at every tick as both a
buy and a sell setup, and constantly assess the trader’s equation for both possible
trades. There are many times every day where both bulls and bears can enter for

Figure 16.1
EXTREME SCALPING
325
a scalp and both make money, if they manage their trades correctly. The close of
bar 16 is an example.
Bar 17 reversed down after moving three ticks above bar 16. Those late bulls
were quick to exit, and aggressive bears were beginning to short. Bar 17 became
a strong bear reversal bar, and bears would have looked to short at its close and
at one tick below its low. Other bears would have already shorted on smaller time
frame charts. This was one bear setup that the bulls wouldn’t buy. Once the market
fell below the bar 17 low, the bulls saw that as a failed breakout above the bull trend
channel line, and they and the bears expected a two-legged correction that would
last an hour or more. Bulls would not have looked to buy aggressively until the
correction was complete. Since traders were looking for a two-legged correction,
bears would have started placing limit orders to short a lower high. The move up
to bar 17 was a strong bull spike, so bulls were hoping for a bull channel and a
measured move up that would have about as many points as the spike from the low
of bar 6 or bar 11 to the bar 17 high.
Bar 18 did not trigger a short and became a bull inside bar. Since traders were
expecting a two-legged correction, smart bulls wouldn’t have been looking to buy
above its high, and aggressive bears would have had limit orders to go short at
its high and one and two ticks higher with a stop above the bar 17 bear reversal
bar high.
Bar 19 did not ﬁll those short limit orders at the bar 18 high, and it also did not
trigger the sell stops below the bars 17 and 18 low. Instead, there was now an ii
pattern. Bulls, however, still wouldn’t buy, and bears were getting eager to short.
Bar 20 was now an iii setup and it had a bear close, which favored the bears.
Smart money was still looking to short below bar 17 (which was below the iii), and
on a lower high.
Bar 21 might have been the bull trap that everyone was expecting. It was the
second leg up (bar 18 was the ﬁrst) and it extended one tick above bar 18, where
other mistaken bulls also likely went long. There were not any trapped bears, be-
cause the most conservative bears would have entered on a stop below bar 17 and
that had not yet happened. The only bears in the market now were the smart, ag-
gressive ones who were hoping for a lower high bull trap. They wanted trapped
bulls in the market because if the market went down, these bulls would have to sell
out of their longs, and this would add to the selling. Also, after there were trapped
bulls, bulls would have wanted to wait for more price action before looking to buy
again. Smart bulls were already waiting for a two-legged correction, so there was
no serious buying here. Weak bulls mistakenly bought the iii pattern. Smart bears
were shorting at 1, 2, and 3 ticks above the iii pattern with a protective stop above
the high of bar 17. Bears would have looked to short below this bar and especially
below bar 17, which was a strong bear reversal bar. Most bears would have waited
to short below bar 17 because they would see that as a conﬁrmation of the top.

326
DAY TRADING
Figure 16.1
However, smart bears were only looking for a scalp since the move up had been
strong, and the day’s range was still smaller than average. At this point, if the range
was to expand, up was much more likely than down. Also, everyone believed that
the buy climax was most likely a pause that would be followed by at least one more
leg up. This sideways to down correction had the potential to create a ﬁnal ﬂag and
then a swing down, but that would happen only after an upside breakout.
Bar 22 turned bar 21 into a lower high ﬁnal ﬂag short (the iii descending triangle
was the ﬁnal ﬂag), but the bar was not able to extend below the iii pattern and bring
in additional shorts who were looking to enter on a stop below the ﬂag and below
bar 17. Also, the bar closed in its middle, which means that traders bought into the
close of the bar, which was the opposite of what should have happened if the bears
were in control.
The sideways correction was continuing at bar 25 and the market was forming
a tight trading range, which is a breakout setup. The bears would have preferred
that the market fell below bar 17 within a bar or two of its formation, which would
have indicated that there was an urgency to sell. The market was correcting side-
ways instead of down, and this is a sign of bull strength. Also, the market was now
only two ticks above the moving average, and since the market might have found
support there and because the correction was 10 bars long, bulls would have be-
gun to look to reestablish their longs. This was a problem for the bears. They were
originally expecting a high percentage bear scalp and now the chance of success
had become less. They would have been quick to cover if a bear breakout stalled.
Bar 25 touched the bar 17 and 21 bear trend line and created a descending trian-
gle, which is a bull ﬂag when it occurs in a bull trend. However, bars 21 through
25 were also in a small channel if you use the bodies of the bars. A channel of-
ten has three pushes and then tries to reverse, just like a wedge. Bars 22 and 24
were two pushes down, so there might have been only one more push down and
therefore a downside breakout of the triangle might fail.
Bar 26 was a bear breakout that closed on its low and below the moving aver-
age. The new bears were hoping that the market would ﬁll their proﬁt-taking limit
orders just a couple of ticks lower. However, the bear trend bar closed only one
tick below the moving average, and a strong breakout would have closed several
ticks below, just as the bar 13 bull breakout closed several ticks above the moving
average. It was also an exact test of the breakout above the high of the open. Even
the aggressive bears who shorted the close of the bar 21 bull trend bar had not yet
been able to scalp out one point; and if the market reversed up here, they would
have had a ﬁve-tick failure and would have bought back their shorts. The bears
who shorted the close of bar 16 or above its high bought back their shorts here. The
bulls saw bar 26 as an attempt by the bears to ﬂip the market to always-in short,
but they knew that most reversal attempts fail. They believed that the bears needed
the next bar to be a strong bear trend bar to convince traders that the market had

Figure 16.1
EXTREME SCALPING
327
reversed its always-in position. Since the bull trend was so strong, they doubted that
the bears would succeed, and were not even conﬁdent that the bears would be able
to push the market below the low of the bar 26 bear trend bar. Because of this, they
bought on the close of the bear trend bar, and they would have bought more below
its low. Other bulls would have had limit orders to buy seven ticks below the bar 17
high because they were trying to buy two- and three-point pullbacks in a bull trend.
Bar 27 was a bull inside bar and could have been setting up a high 2 long at
the moving average. It would have been a two-legged correction that lasted about
10 bars, which was about long enough for the bulls. The bulls wanted a channel up
after the spike up to the bar 17 high, and this pullback to the moving average could
have been the beginning. It would also have been a breakout test of the bar 2 high.
It could also have been seen as a breakout pullback and bears would have shorted
below its low, which would also have been the low of the bar 26 bear breakout bar.
The bears wanted a bear body to increase the chances of the always-in direction
ﬂipping to short. Once traders saw the bull close, they assumed that the bears failed
and that the always-in direction remained up, and they bought the close and above
the bar.
Bar 28 was a second bull inside bar and formed an ii pattern. At this point,
traders were wondering if the trading range was continuing, if the breakout was
pausing before more selling came in, or if the breakout had failed and the bulls
would take control again.
Bar 29 was a bull breakout of the ii pattern and a successful test of the moving
average and of the breakout of the opening range. However, it was only a one-tick
breakout and a small bear trend bar, and it could easily have set up a short as a
pullback from the bar 26 bear breakout. Bears would have placed orders to short
below its low. However, all of the bears who had been shorting for the past hour
were now concerned that the market had an opportunity to give them a scalper’s
proﬁt and it failed. They would not have held on to their shorts much longer. They
would have had buy stops above the bar 26 bear trend bar high; the bars 23, 24, 25
triple top; the bar 21 lower high; the bar 17 bull climax high; and yesterday’s high.
Since all of these stops were within a tick or two of each other, the stops could
have been quickly hit in a cascade of stop running, resulting in the bears giving up
and the bulls taking control of the market.
Bar 30 took out the high of bar 29 and broke above the bear trend line by a tick,
but failed to break above the bar 26 short entry bar. This was two legs up, and the
bears would have allowed that as an acceptable pullback from the bear breakout,
but they would have been concerned that their shorts were not behaving well. They
would have been quick to buy back their shorts. The bulls knew that the correction
had two legs and had now lasted about 10 bars, so their minimum criteria had been
met and they were getting ready to buy aggressively, hoping for a measured move
up to the 1,127.50 area. This was far enough up for them to be swinging some or

328
DAY TRADING
Figure 16.1
all of their new positions. They would have seen each of those bear stops as buy
setups and would have been buying at the exact same prices at which the bears
were covering their shorts. With both bulls and bears buying at the same prices as
the market went up, the market should have accelerated upward. Some bulls also
viewed this trading range as a wedge bull ﬂag with bar 17 as the ﬁrst push down,
bar 20 as the second, and bar 26 as the third. They also saw the third push down
as being composed of a smaller wedge, with bars 22, 24, and 26 forming the three
pushes down.
Bars 32 and 33 were small dojis and were a sign that traders were deciding to
run those buy stops. At this point, bears were beginning to cover at the market be-
cause they knew that their shorts were only countertrend scalps. They were likely
happy to get out at breakeven or even with a one- or two-tick loss. The market was
holding above the moving average, and after a big spike up, that was bullish.
Bar 34 was a bull trend bar, but it closed a couple of ticks off its high. The
market found sellers at the bar 17 high and in the area of the high of yesterday.
Bar 35 gave the bulls a scalper’s proﬁt, but formed a bear reversal bar with a
one-tick new high of the day. Some traders would have shorted the close of the bar,
and others would have shorted at one tick below its low. Aggressive bulls would
not have been bothered by the pullback, hoping that it would become a breakout
pullback and lead to a move above yesterday’s high. They would have stayed long
as long as the market held above the moving average, above the bar 26 higher low,
or above the bar 34 bull trend bar low.
The bears who shorted on bar 36 were worried that the bar closed at their
entry price and that they could not push the market below the bar 34 bull entry bar.
They would have covered their shorts at the close of the bar and above its high.
Some bulls would have gone long above its high, but most would not have because
it would have been buying near the high of the day when the day had been in a
trading range for a couple of hours. Buying the high of the day is a good strategy
only in strong bull trends, and that was not the current price action.
Bar 37 was a bull trend bar, but it is bad to buy above three large bars that
mostly overlap. The three bars create a trading range, and it is risky to buy at the
top of a trading range since most breakouts fail. If anything, it was better to short
up there.
Bar 38 reversed down at ﬁve ticks above the bar 36 long signal bar and one
tick above the high of yesterday. Many bulls who were long from earlier in the
day likely had limit orders to take proﬁts at yesterday’s high, and aggressive bears
would have shorted there as well. The bar 37 longs would likely have moved their
stops to around breakeven after the ﬁve-tick move up, and the market fell through
those stops. Bar 38 became a large bear reversal bar, but since it overlapped the
prior four bars by so much, it was forming more of a trading range than a reversal.
This was the second attempt to reverse the high of the open, so some traders would

Figure 16.1
EXTREME SCALPING
329
have placed stops to go short at one tick below this bear reversal bar. Others would
have looked to short a lower high. The move up to the bar 38 high can be seen as a
two-legged higher high after a bull trend line break, and therefore it was a possible
trend reversal. Because of this, bulls might have waited for a two-legged correction
before buying again.
Bar 39 was a doji inside bar. Bears would still have tried to short below the bar
38 low, and now other bears would have placed limit orders to short a lower high.
They would have had limit orders to go short at the bar 39 high and at one or two
ticks higher. Overly eager bulls would have seen this as a high 2 buy setup (bar 37
being the high 1) and would have gone long exactly where aggressive bears were
shorting. The market was now in the middle third of the day and was more likely to
have trading ranges, so bulls had to be patient, and they had to avoid buying at the
high unless the market became very strong again.
Bar 41 again lacked strength, and those early bulls who bought bar 40 would
have been quick to take a two-tick loss if the market fell below the low of this
bar. Bears would have shorted there for a possible lower high, but they would not
have been enthusiastic, because the market was starting to form overlapping small
bars with tails (which is barbwire behavior), and breakout entries would have been
more likely to fail. It is usually better to buy breakouts near the bottom of barbwire
and short breakouts near the top.
Bar 42 would have made some of those high 2 longs cover, and the rest would
have covered below bar 38 and the signal bar low.
Bar 43 would have made traders wonder if the market was setting up a wedge
bull ﬂag. A small, sideways head and shoulders top often becomes a triangle or a
wedge bull ﬂag, and bars 35 and 40 were shoulders. Since traders were looking for a
wedge bull ﬂag, they were trying to ﬁnd three pushes down and a high 3 long setup.
Bars 36 and 38 were the ﬁrst two. Bar 42 could have been the start of the third push
down, and if there was a reversal up from there, the wedge bull ﬂag (and the failed
head and shoulders top) would have triggered.
Bar 44 broke out below the bar 36 low by one tick and tested the breakout
above bar 27 and the moving average. It could be a signal bar although it had a bear
body (signal bars often look bad in trading ranges). Traders really need a good
signal bar only when looking to trade countertrend in a strong trend, and signal
bars often look weak most of the rest of the time. Aggressive bulls had limit orders
in to buy at the low of bar 36, expecting that any break below it would fail within
a few ticks. Other bulls would have bought the high 3 above this bar because it
would have been a wedge bull ﬂag. This would also have been a ﬁve-tick bear trap
if the market went above the high of bar 44, forcing trapped bears to buy back
their shorts.
Bar 45 triggered the buying, even though it went only one tick above the bar 44
high. The market often lacks momentum in the middle third of the day even though

330
DAY TRADING
Figure 16.1
the actual shape of the price action is usually reliable. Other traders would have
bought above bar 45 because they saw it as a two-bar reversal. Also, many traders
prefer to buy above bull bars because the bull close means that the market has
already moved at least a little in their direction.
Bar 49 gave the bulls a one-point scalp, but many bulls kept buying every signal,
scalping part and swinging the rest. The strong parabolic surge up to the bar 17 high
could have been a spike, and the two-sided trading since then was ﬁnding support
at the moving average and could have been forming a channel. The swing longs
kept buying and were trailing their protective stops below the most recent swing
low, which was bar 44.
There were many more similar trades over the remainder of the day, but this il-
lustrates the point that if traders have the ability to focus intensely and read clearly,
they can take dozens of scalps all day long. However, extreme scalping would be
a losing strategy for most traders, and they should not attempt it, and they should
never be using a risk that is greater than their reward. Instead, they should restrict
themselves to any of the many other approaches that are far more likely to be suc-
cessful and easier to execute. This chapter is here simply to illustrate that there is
much more happening on every chart than what might appear to be the case, and
how traders need to be thinking constantly throughout the day. There were many
setups today where a trader could go for a reward that was at least as large as his
risk, but he should be thinking about every setup that he sees. This chart illustrates
just how many decisions that a trader can make during the day. Most experienced
traders would take only a fraction of these trades.

P A R T III
The First Hour
(The Opening Range)
I
once had many online discussions with a trader who traded 100 Treasury bond
futures contracts at a time, but he disappeared every day by 7:30 to 8:00 a.m.
PST. He said that he studied his results and discovered that he made 85 percent
of his proﬁts in the ﬁrst hour and decided that he just drained himself emotionally
during the rest of the day, and sometimes this carried over into the next day. Be-
cause of this, he stopped trading after the ﬁrst hour or so several years ago and was
doing very well trading just the ﬁrst hour.
Here are some of the characteristics of the ﬁrst hour:
r What is referred to as the ﬁrst hour is rarely an hour. It is the time before the
ﬁrst good swing begins and can be 15 minutes or two hours; it is often called
the opening range.
r It is the easiest time to make money. Experienced scalpers know that reversals
are common. These traders can often make many carefully selected scalps, bet-
ting that breakout attempts will usually fail, as is typical of breakout attempts
at any time of the day. They look to buy low and sell high. In general, they avoid
doji signal bars, but will often short below either a bull or a bear trend bar after
a move up, or buy above a bull or a bear trend bar after a move down. Consec-
utive trend bars in the same direction often indicate the direction of their next
scalp. Two consecutive, strong bull trend bars will usually make scalpers look
to buy, and consecutive bear trend bars will bias them in favor of shorts.
331

332
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
r It is the easiest time to lose money. Beginners see large trend bars and are afraid
of missing a huge breakout. They buy late, at the top of strong bull spikes, and
short late, at the bottom of strong bear spikes, only to take repeated losses.
There are more variables to consider, and the setups come faster. Because they
often confuse swing and scalp setups, they end up managing their trades wrong.
They should never scalp, especially in the ﬁrst hour.
r When the bars are big, traders should use wider stops and trade smaller size.
r Yesterday’s always-in direction going into the close often carries over into the
open of today.
r Reversals are common, abrupt, and often large. If you can’t read the price ac-
tion fast enough, wait until the market slows down and the always-in direction
becomes clear.
r The ﬁrst bar of the day is the high or low of the day only about 20 percent of the
time, so don’t feel a need to enter on the second bar. In fact, there is no need
to rush to take any trade, because before long the always-in direction will be
clear, and the probability of a successful trade will be higher.
r Either the high or low of the day usually forms within the ﬁrst hour, so swing
traders patiently wait for a setup that can be one of the extremes of the day.
The setup for the high or low of the day often has only a 40 percent probability
of success. Since the reward can be many times larger than the risk, the trader’s
equation can still be excellent for a swing trade. Most traders should focus on
a logical reversal in the opening range for their most important trade of the
day. The trade often looks bad for ﬁve or more bars, but then suddenly breaks
out and the always-in direction becomes clear to most traders. On most days,
a trader will have to take more than one reversal before catching a successful
swing, but even the ones that don’t go far usually make a small proﬁt or have
only a small loss. This creates a favorable trader’s equation for this particular
type of relatively low-probability trade.
r The high of the day usually begins with some type of double top, although it is
rarely exact. The low of the day usually begins with an imperfect double bottom
of some type.
r Once the always-in direction becomes clear, traders can enter at the market or
on any small pullback for a swing. Experienced scalpers look for pullbacks to
scalp in the direction of the trend.
r Trading in the minutes after a report is dominated by computer programs, many
of which get a nearly instantaneous numerical version of the report and use the
data to generate trades. Other programs trade off statistics and not fundamen-
tals. It is very difﬁcult to compete in an environment where your opponent has
the edge of being much faster at making decisions and placing trades. It is bet-
ter to wait for a bar or two before entering.
r Gap openings are present on most days (see Chapter 20 on gap openings).

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
333
r The open often foretells the type of day. If the ﬁrst bar is a doji or the ﬁrst
several bars overlap and have prominent tails, the day is more likely to have
lots of two-sided trading.
There are often reports at 7:00 a.m. PST. Even if a report is not listed on the
Internet, the market usually behaves as if there was a report. Computers have a
clear edge in speed of analysis and order placement, and they are your competitors.
When your competition has a big advantage, don’t compete. Wait for their edge to
disappear and trade when speed is no longer important.
The ﬁrst hour or, more accurately, the opening range is the time when the mar-
ket is setting up the ﬁrst trend of the day, and it ends once that trend begins. It often
lasts for a couple of hours and sometimes is as short as 15 minutes. It is the easiest
time to make money, but is the easiest time to lose money as well. This is because
many traders cannot process all of the variables fast enough, and the information
is limited, since there are not many bars yet in the day. They have to decide on
whether to treat a trade as a swing, a scalp, or both, and have to base the decision
on the three trader’s equation variables of probability, risk, and reward, in an envi-
ronment when there are usually economic reports, where reversals and therefore
decisions come often, and where the bars are often unusually large and therefore
require them to adjust their risk to much larger than normal, as opposed to other
times during the day when risk is a variable that is usually ﬁxed at a certain size
and does not usually require much thought. Get the picture? A trader has more to
think about and less time to do the thinking. Computers have a clear edge in speed
of analysis and order placement, and they are your competitors. When your com-
petition has a big advantage, don’t compete. If you are thinking, “Boy, I wish that I
had the speed advantage that the ﬁrms using computers for program trading have,”
then you realize that you are at a disadvantage. Wait for their edge to disappear and
trade when speed is no longer important.
Trading is difﬁcult enough and the edge is always small, and the added com-
plexity of the ﬁrst hour can push traders beyond their ability to trade effectively.
If there are too many variables to consider to trade proﬁtably, traders can increase
their chances of success by reducing the number of variables. For example, they
can decide to look only for high-probability scalps or for only likely swing setups,
or they can wait until there is a clear always-in trade and then swing, or take scalps
in that direction, entering on pullbacks. They can also trade half to a quarter of
their normal size and use a protective stop that is beyond the signal bar, which
often requires a stop that is two or more times larger than their usual size.
One of the biggest causes of losses is a trader’s inability to distinguish between
swing and scalp setups. From the trader’s equation, readers know that scalpers gen-
erally have to win on 60 percent or more of their trades, since the risk usually has
to be about the size of the reward. Scalp setups are much more common than swing

334
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
setups, but most scalp setups do not have a 60 percent probability of success and
should be avoided. However, reversals are common in the ﬁrst hour, and traders
often do not have enough time to adequately assess the trader’s equation. If their
default is to take every reversal and then do the math after they are in, they will
lose over time. The high or low of the day often follows a setup that has less than
a 50 percent chance of success, and is therefore a terrible setup for a scalp, but it
can still be a great setup for a swing.
Experienced traders can usually ﬁnd four or more scalps in the ﬁrst hour and
even make a living off those trades. For example, if they average two proﬁtable
scalps a day of two points each and trade 25 Emini contracts, they could make
a million dollars a year. Since most traders cannot process the risk, reward, and
probability reliably when they have to do it quickly and with only ﬁve or 10 bars
of information, they should not scalp in the ﬁrst hour when reversals come quickly
and abruptly. Instead, they should wait patiently for a setup that is likely to lead to
an always-in swing, or wait until the swing has begun and the market has a clear
always-in direction, and then take a swing trade. They will then have a reward that
is larger than their risk (it may be two or three times as large), and since the always-
in direction is clear, they’ll have a 60 percent or better chance of the market going
at least as many ticks in their direction as they have at risk from their stop, at which
point they can move their stop to breakeven.
Many experienced traders look for a strong trend bar or consecutive trend bars
in the ﬁrst hour, and then will scalp a pullback. For example, if there are two con-
secutive strong bull trend bars and then a doji bar, they might place limit orders to
buy at or below the low of the doji bar. Since they see it as a weak reversal signal,
especially after such a strong bull spike, they expect it to fail. This means that the
bears who sold below the bar will have to buy back their shorts and probably won’t
want to sell again for at least a bar or two. This removes bears from the market and
turns some bears into buyers, which gives the bull scalpers a good chance to make
a proﬁt. The protective stop size and target size depend on how large the bars are. If
the Emini has had an average daily range of about 15 points and the bull trend bars
are about two points tall, traders might risk about two points to make two points,
if they believe that there is a 60 percent chance of success, which there often is in
these circumstances. Other bulls might scale in lower and risk to below the bottom
of the bull spike. Only very experienced traders should be fading breakouts of bars
in the ﬁrst hour, because the moves can be fast and go very far, and traders have
to be very conﬁdent of their read and their ability to manage their trades in a fast,
volatile market.
The moves in the ﬁrst hour can be fast, and traders often get caught up in the
excitement of big trend bars and enter late. They know that a trend will soon begin
and are fearful of missing it, and instead get caught in a reversal. Since the market is
searching for direction in the ﬁrst hour, reversals are common. Traders might take

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
335
a trade and think that they will swing it, only to discover that it reverses on the next
bar. They then have to decide whether to exit or to rely on a stop beyond the signal
bar. Invariably, as they are making that decision, they realize that the reversal trade
is better than the trade they took, and they struggle with trying to ﬁgure out how to
minimize their loss and get into a trade in the other direction. They hold too long,
hoping for a pullback, and then exit with a larger loss than they planned on taking.
Not only that; they are upset by the large loss and need to recover before taking
the next trade. Once they are ready to trade again, the market has moved so far in
the new direction that they are afraid to take the trade, even though the trend looks
strong. At the end of the day, they print the chart out and cannot believe how clear
the setups actually were. But hindsight is very different from real time.
Traders can also lose money on scalps that should be swings. If they lost several
times earlier in the week on what they thought were good swing trades, they will
be wary of swing trading on the open today. Assume that several times this week
the market went far enough for a scalper’s proﬁt, but quickly reversed and stopped
them out with a loss. Today, they decide to scalp every trade in the ﬁrst hour. They
lose on the ﬁrst two scalps, but when they were stopped out on the second trade,
the bar that hit the stop reversed into an outside bar and led to a very strong trend
in the direction of the trade that they no longer held. Since they decided that they
wanted to trade only scalps on reversals, they are on the sidelines as the market
trends relentlessly, bar after bar. The trend runs for eight points before there is a
pullback, and they suddenly realize that this one swing trade offered as much proﬁt
as four successful scalps.
After several days of losing when they tried to scalp because they took low-
probability setups, and having given up on trying to swing because they got stopped
out so often (only to miss a big trend after they gave up), they are confused and
upset. They feel like they did everything right but still lost, and that trading is so
unfair: “Why can other people do so well in the ﬁrst hour, yet I lose no matter what
I do?” It is because they are trying to do too much. They are buying at the top and
selling at the bottom of the developing range, hoping for a successful breakout,
denying the reality that most breakout attempts fail. They then do not take the best
swing setup, because it looks weak and it looks like it will probably fail, just like
the past ﬁve reversals in the past hour. When traders feel this way, they should take
a break from trading the opening range until the always-in position is clear. Yes,
they will be entering after the trend has already gone a couple of points and they
stand to make less, but the chance of success is much greater. It is far better to
win a little, but win frequently, than it is to lose several times a day while hoping to
ﬁnally ﬁgure out how to trade the ﬁrst hour proﬁtably.
Traders who can scalp successfully often have to make adjustments in the ﬁrst
hour. In general, scalpers usually have to risk about as much as their reward, but
since it is always best to begin by looking at what risk is required, they can set a

336
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
reasonable reward after determining their risk. For example, if the bars in the Emini
are usually about two points tall, but they are about four points tall today, a trader
might have to risk about four points. The market is moving quickly and it is difﬁcult
to spend time doing exact math while trying to read the charts and to place orders.
Scalpers should just quickly cut the position size in half or by two-thirds. It doesn’t
matter what they do. What matters is that they do it quickly, stop thinking about
it, and concentrate on what is much more important: reading correctly and placing
orders. If they are unwilling to use a larger stop when it is necessary, they should
not take the trade. Also, once traders are in the trade and the market pulls back
further than they think it should have (but does not hit their stop), and then the
move resumes but looks weaker than they think it should, they have to be willing
to get out at a smaller proﬁt target. For example, the large bars might force them to
risk four points instead of two on an Emini trade, but once the move has gone their
way, it looks weak. If they believe that their premise is no longer valid, they have
to be able to change their goal, and it is often worth exiting with just a point or two
proﬁt and then waiting for more information.
Only experienced traders, who can handle changing position, stop, and proﬁt
target sizes quickly, should attempt it. Because scalping usually requires a risk that
is as large as the reward, and therefore a high winning percentage, most traders
should avoid scalps, especially in the ﬁrst hour. Most traders have a better chance
of being proﬁtable in the long run if they can wait for a clearly always-in market
and then take a swing trade. This means that the probability of an equidistant move
is 60 percent or more. They can then use a proﬁt target that is at least as large
as the risk, and preferably twice the size of the risk, and have a favorable trader’s
equation.
Because the ﬁrst hour has many reversals, it is better to look to buy low and sell
high until the market becomes clearly always-in long or short. Unfortunately, many
traders do the opposite. They see large trend bars up or down and are afraid that
they are missing a breakout, which almost always fails. They have to learn to wait
for a conﬁrmed breakout and a clear always-in market. Then they should switch
to a swing approach and become willing to buy near the top when the market is
always-in long, or sell near the bottom when it is always-in short. If traders can-
not quickly distinguish swing setups from scalp setups, they should not make rash
decisions. Instead, they should wait patiently for a clear always-in signal and then
begin trading. Most traders cannot successfully scalp in the ﬁrst hour, and certainly
are unable to scalp initially and then switch to swing trading when the time is right.
They should instead wait patiently for swing setups.
Since the ﬁrst hour or two frequently provides setups that result in great swing
trades, traders must be ready to take them. Although there is a tendency to think
that the patterns are different in the ﬁrst hour, the reality is that from a price action
perspective, they are not. The setups are the same as during any other time of the

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
337
day and on any time frame. What is different is that the volatility is often greater
and therefore the patterns run further, and the reversals are often unexpectedly
abrupt. It is common for reversals to look weak and have two or three weak doji
bars before the trend breaks out. Realize that this is common and, if you entered
and see this weakness, don’t scratch out. Rely on your read because you will likely
be right, and you stand to make a large swing proﬁt.
One other difference about the open is that many trades set up based on yester-
day’s price action. There will often be a channel that develops in the ﬁnal couple of
hours of yesterday followed by either a breakout or a market gap well beyond that
ﬂag on today’s open. In either case, watch for reversals and continuations. Remem-
ber, a channel is just a ﬂag, so a bull channel is a bear ﬂag and a bear channel is a
bull ﬂag. Also, if the market ended clearly always-in long or short, traders should
assume that the trend will continue on the open until they see evidence to the
contrary.
A ﬁnal important difference is that the high or low of the day occurs in the ﬁrst
hour or so on most days, and it is beneﬁcial to try to swing part of any trade that
might be the high or low of the day. If you are in a trade with such potential and the
market moves strongly in your direction, use a breakeven stop to allow yourself to
collect the windfall proﬁts that often happen off the open.
Although any reversal in the ﬁrst hour or so can create the high or low of the
day, the probability of any one particular reversal doing so is usually not more than
50 percent. If a trader instead waits for clear follow-through and a clear always-in
move after the reversal, the probability that the reversal will be the high or low of
the day is often more than 60 percent. The traders who wait for the always-in con-
ﬁrmation pay for that increased probability with smaller proﬁts, but traders who
prefer to take only high-probability trades are happy with the trade-off. Since the
high or low of the day setup is often only 40 to 50 percent certain, it is usually a
bad scalp setup, even though it has a strong trader’s equation for a swing trade. The
trend, as it begins, often starts slowly and does not look like a trend at all, but usu-
ally within ﬁve bars or so has a breakout into a clear always-in market. Most of the
time, the setup for a bull trend day is part of a double bottom of some type, even
though it is usually so imperfect that it does not look like a double bottom. Like-
wise, the setup for a bear trend day is usually part of an imperfect double top. For
example, if there is a series of strong bull trend bars off the open and then a partial
pullback that gets tested ﬁve to 10 bars later, this forms a double bottom ﬂag entry
and has a good chance of leading to a new high of the day. The breakout then might
run for a measured move up and lead to a bull trend.
Traders often enter on the second bar of the day as it breaks beyond the high or
low of the ﬁrst bar, but the probability of a successful scalp is often under 50 per-
cent, depending on the situation. That means that the trader’s equation makes sense
only for a swing, but traders often mistakenly treat the trade like a scalp, which is

338
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
a losing approach when the probability is about 50 percent and the risk is as large
as the reward. They convince themselves that they will swing and hold through
pullbacks, but within a bar or two, they grab a small proﬁt and feel relieved. They
really intended to scalp but did not realize it, and they will wonder at the end of
the month why they lost money. It is because they took a trade that had a los-
ing trader’s equation. Some reversals in the ﬁrst hour have a 70 percent chance of
reaching a scalper’s target, but only a 40 percent chance of reaching a swing target.
Traders have to know in advance how they plan to manage the trade before they
take it, because changing goals after entering is a losing strategy. You can’t have
one premise and then manage the trade as if it was based on a different premise,
but it is common for traders to confuse scalps and swings in the ﬁrst hour when
everything happens so quickly and the bars are large and have big pullbacks within
the bars as they are forming.
The ﬁrst bar of the day has about a 20 percent chance of being either the high
or low of the day (except on days where there is a large gap opening, when the
probability can be 50 percent or more if the bar is a strong trend bar). Also, the bar
is often large, frequently about 20 percent of an average day’s ultimate range. For
example, if the average range in the Emini has been about 10 points and the ﬁrst bar
of today is two points tall, a trader who buys as the second bar breaks above the
ﬁrst bar has about a 20 percent chance of making eight points while risking a little
more than two points. This is a losing trader’s equation. If traders are very good
at subjectively evaluating all of the variables and selecting trades with a higher
probability, they can have a mathematical edge, but these high-probability trades
based on the ﬁrst bar of the day happen only about once a month. Even if traders
take proﬁts once the reward is twice the size of the risk, they will be successful only
a couple of times a month, so looking for a swing entry on the second bar of the
day is rarely worthwhile. However, since a reliable swing in the ﬁrst hour, where
the reward is twice the size of the risk, occurs on most days, if there is a strong
reversal setup early on, traders should consider swinging the trade. Once the trend
reaches about twice the size of their stop, they can move their stop to breakeven
and swing part of the trade until there is an always-in reversal.
Sometimes the market trends for the ﬁrst bar or two of the day and that ﬁrst bar
ends up as one of the extremes of the day. When the market trends from the open,
it is important to enter early, but not necessarily on the second bar. This pattern is
most common with gap openings, large or small. When you enter a trade where you
might be at the start of a huge trend, it is particularly important to try to swing some
contracts. If the pattern is very strong, you could swing most of your contracts and
then quickly move your stop to breakeven.
However, if the strong opening is reversed (a breakout to a new extreme of the
day in the opposite direction), then the day might trend in the opposite direction
or it could turn into a trading range day. A strong trend off the open, even if it is

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
339
reversed, still means that there were traders willing to trade aggressively in that
direction, and they will be quick to trade again in that direction later in the day if
the reversal falters.
If you think that a reversal down is not the high of the day, you should never
be more than 30 percent certain, because you would then be at least 70 percent
certain that it is not, and the market is never that certain when the opening range
is forming. In fact, rarely is anything that certain at any time of the day. That edge
is simply too large, and traders would quickly neutralize it long before it got that
certain. Don’t get too committed to an opinion, especially in the ﬁrst hour, because
even the strongest moves can reverse sharply on the next bar. However, although
a reversal in the ﬁrst couple of hours might have only a 30 to 40 percent chance of
becoming the high or low of the day, if there is good follow-through, the odds can
quickly increase to 50 to 60 percent.
Even though most early reversals are good for scalps and not swings, when one
is particularly strong, a trader should try to swing at least half of the position. As
mentioned earlier, there is a tendency for the ﬁrst hour or two to be the most likely
time of the day to ﬁnd a trade where a trader can make two to three times the risk.
In general, most traders should work very hard to take potential swing trades in the
ﬁrst hour or two because those trades have the best trader’s equation combination
of reward, risk, and probability.
Why does the market make a big move over the ﬁrst several bars and then
reverse? Why doesn’t it simply open at the low or high of the day? The location of
the open of the day is not set by any ﬁrm or group of ﬁrms; instead, it represents
a brief equilibrium between buyers and sellers at the instant of the open, and it is
usually determined by the premarket activity. For example, the Emini is basically a
24-hour market and trades actively, uninterrupted, for hours leading up to the open
of the New York Stock Exchange. If the institutions have a large amount of buying
planned for the day, why would the market ever open a stock above yesterday’s
close and then sell off before rallying to a new high? If you were an institutional
trader and had a lot of buy orders to ﬁll today, you would love the market to open
above where you wanted to buy and then have a sharp move down into your buy
zone where you could aggressively buy along with all the other institutions that
likely also have lots of similar buy orders from their clients; you would then hope
to see a small sell climax that will form a convincing low of the day. The lack of
buying by the bullish institutions creates a sell vacuum that can quickly suck the
market down into their buy zone, which is always at an area of support, where they
will buy aggressively and relentlessly, often creating the low of the day.
If the reversal back up from that sell climax on the open is strong enough, very
few traders will be looking to short, because there will be a general feeling that the
upward momentum is sufﬁciently strong to warrant at least a second leg up before
the low is tested, if it gets tested. Would there be anything that you, if you were

340
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
an institutional trader, could do to make this happen? Yes! You could buy into the
close of the premarket to push the price up and ﬁll some of your orders. Not as
much volume is needed in stocks to move the price before the 6:30 a.m. PST open.
Then, once the market opens, you could liquidate some or all of your longs and
even do some shorting. Since you want to buy lower, you will not start buying until
the market falls to an area that you consider represents value, which will be at a
support area. This is a vacuum effect. The buyers are there, but they will step aside
if they think that the price will be lower in a few minutes. Why buy now if you can
buy for less in a few minutes? This absence of buying despite the existence of very
strong bulls allows the price to get sucked down quickly. Once it is in their buy
zone, they see value and doubt the market will fall further. They appear as if out
of nowhere and buy relentlessly, causing a very sharp bull reversal. The shorts will
also see the support, and if they believe that the leg down is likely over, they, too,
will become buyers as they take proﬁts on their shorts.
Price action is very important. A trader wants to see how the market responds
once it gets down to some key support price, like the moving average, or a prior
swing high or low, or the low of yesterday, or a trend line or trend channel line.
Most of the trading is done by computers, which use algorithms to calculate where
these support levels are. If enough ﬁrms are relying on the same support levels, the
buying will overwhelm the selling and the market will reverse up. It is impossible
to know in advance how strong the buying will be, but since the support is always
based on mathematics, an experienced trader can usually anticipate areas where
reversals might occur and be ready to place trades. If the downward momentum
begins to wane and the market starts to reverse up from the key price, institutions
will liquidate any shorts and aggressively buy to ﬁll their orders. Since most ﬁrms
will have similar orders, the market will start to rally. If a ﬁrm believes that the
low of the day might be in, it will continue to buy as the market rallies and will
aggressively buy any pullbacks. Since its order size is huge, it doesn’t want to buy
all at once and risk causing a spike up and then a buy climax. Instead, it would
rather just keep buying in an orderly fashion all day long until all of its orders get
ﬁlled. As they get ﬁlled, the relentless buying causes the market to go up more,
which attracts momentum traders who will also buy throughout the day, adding to
the buying pressure.
Is this what actually happens? Traders at institutions know if this is what they
do, but no one ever knows for certain why the market reverses on any given day.
The reversal is due to countless reasons, but those reasons are irrelevant. All that
matters is price action. Reversals often happen seconds after a report is released,
but an individual trader is unlikely to understand how the market will respond to
a report by simply watching CNBC. The market can rally or sell off in response
to either a bullish or a bearish report, and a trader is simply not qualiﬁed to reli-
ably interpret a report in the absence of price action. The best way to know how

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
341
the market will respond is simply to watch it respond and place your trades as the
price action unfolds. Very often, the bar before the report is a great setup that gets
triggered on the report. If you feel compelled to trade on the release of the report,
place your order and then your stop and trust your read. Since slippage can be
signiﬁcant on a report, it is almost always better to wait until after the report is re-
leased. If you enter on the report, you might ﬁnd that you got a few ticks of slippage
on the entry, and then the market violently reverses and you get additional slippage
on your exit. What you thought was a trade with a risk of eight ticks ends up as a
trade where you lost 16 or more ticks. If you trade thinner markets, your slippage
could be much worse and you could be so far down in the ﬁrst hour that you will
not get back to breakeven by the close.
When the market rallies sharply on a 7:00 a.m. PST report, it is usually because
the institutions were already planning on buying, but were hoping to buy lower.
When the report appeared sufﬁciently bullish for them to believe that they would
not be able to ﬁll their orders lower, they bought on the report. If they have enough
buying to do, they will continue to buy all day, and the day will become a bull trend
day. If, on the other hand, their initial buying is overwhelmed by other institutions
who were hoping for a rally that would allow them to short at a higher price, the up-
side breakout will fail and the market will trend down. These bears were invisible
because they were waiting for a rally to short and their power became evident only
once they began to aggressively short the rally and turn the market back down. Ob-
viously, countless other factors are always in play, and there are huge momentum
traders who have no opinion about a report and simply trade heavily in the direc-
tion of the move as it is unfolding. However, the institutional bias going into the
report is an important component. The institutions already knew what they wanted
to do before the report was released, although all would have contingencies if the
report was a complete surprise.
About 70 percent of all trading is automated, and this computer-generated buy-
ing and selling will become increasingly important. Dow Jones & Company now
has a news service called Lexicon that transmits machine-readable ﬁnancial news
to its subscribers. Lexicon scans all of the Dow Jones stories about stocks and con-
verts the information into a form that the algorithms can use to make decisions to
buy and sell stocks in a fraction of a second. Some of the algorithms are based on
the fundamental components in the report. How many new jobs were created last
month? What was the core consumer price index (CPI)? What was the bid-to-cover
ratio in the bond auction? Other algorithms operate on a longer time frame and an-
alyze stock performance and earnings statements, in addition to the news feeds, to
make trading decisions. Still other algorithms are purely statistical, like if the Em-
ini rallied 10 ticks without at most a one-tick pullback, then buy at the market and
exit with a two-tick proﬁt. Another ﬁrm might ﬁnd a statistical reason to short that
rally for a three-tick proﬁt. It is impossible to know what any ﬁrm is doing, but if

342
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
someone can think of an idea and it can be tested and found to be mathematically
sound, their computers are probably trading it. Some ﬁrms might have algorithms
that are hybrids of the fundamental and statistical approaches. Maybe if the eco-
nomic number is favorable, the programs will buy immediately, but if they have
statistical evidence that tells them that the Emini will then reverse to a new low
after rallying three points on this particular economic number, the program might
take proﬁts and even reverse for a scalp.
Some programs use differential evolution optimizing software to generate data
that is used to generate other data. They can continue to reﬁne the data until it
reaches some level of mathematical certainty, and then the result is used to auto-
matically buy or sell stocks. Some orders are so huge that they take time to place,
and algorithmic trading software breaks the orders into small pieces to conceal the
trading from traders who would try to capitalize on the incipient trend. Predatory
trading algorithms try to unravel what the algorithm trading programs are trying to
hide. Everyone is looking for an edge, and more and more ﬁrms are using comput-
ers to ﬁnd the edges and place the trades.
Since computers can analyze the data and place trades far faster than a trader
can, and the computers are running programs that have a mathematical edge, it
is a losing proposition to try to compete with them at the moment a report is re-
leased. These are very high-powered computers and are located very close to the
exchanges, and can trade huge volumes in a fraction of a second. The result is price
movement that is often too fast to read. In fact, the price movement can be so fast
that your computer at home may be several seconds behind what is actually taking
place. Too often the moves are very large in the ﬁrst second or two, only to reverse
a few seconds later, and then maybe reverse again. Traders simply cannot make
decisions and place orders fast enough to trade this situation proﬁtably. It is better
to wait to see if a clear always-in move comes from the report and then trade in that
direction. When your opponents have an edge over you—in this case, speed—it is
better to wait for their edge to disappear before trading again. Most traders should
not trade in the seconds after a report but should wait for the price action to return
to normal, which often takes one to about 10 minutes.
No one knows in advance whether the sum total of all the buy orders at all
of the major institutions would be enough to overwhelm the institutions that were
looking to short, or whether the shorts represented vastly more dollars and would
be able to drive the market down. On most days, the action is two-sided for a while
as the bulls continue to buy and the bears continue to sell. The market probes up
and down in buy and sell vacuums, looking for one side to take control over the
market when the market reaches an extreme. When it is low enough, strong bulls,
who have been waiting for the market to reach a level that they see as value, will
buy aggressively. The market then races up to an area where the bulls no longer
feel that the price represents good value, and they stop buying and begin to take

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
343
proﬁts. The strong bears, who have been waiting for higher prices to sell, appear
out of nowhere and short aggressively. At some point, one side decides that they are
unwilling to continue trading aggressively at the current price, and this creates an
imbalance that allows the other side to begin to move the market in their direction.
The losing side begins to cover, and this adds to the trend. The winning side sees the
market moving their way and they add to their positions, creating a stronger trend.
At some point, they will begin to take proﬁts and this will result in a pullback. Once
the market comes back far enough to represent value to these ﬁrms, they will once
again begin to add to their positions and the result will usually be a test of the
trend’s extreme.
Sharp reversals are common on economic reports, and the reversals may not
make sense to you, but that is irrelevant. How can a bullish report lead to a rally
and then seconds later be followed by a new low of the day? If the market was so
bearish a couple of minutes ago, how can it be so bullish now? Don’t give it any
thought. Instead, just look for standard price action setups and trade them mind-
lessly without giving any consideration to the reasons why the reversal is taking
place. All that you need to know is that it is in fact taking place and you must enter.
You don’t need to understand it, but it is important to realize that it can happen
quickly and you might not react fast enough to avoid losing money.
Although the 5 minute chart is the easiest to read and the most reliable, the
3 minute chart trades well, particularly in the ﬁrst hour. However, it is prone to
more losers, and if you like the highest winning percentage and don’t want the
negative emotion that comes from losing, you should stick to trading the 5 minute
chart and work on increasing your position size.
As a trader, it is best to keep your analysis simple, especially in the ﬁrst hour
when the market is moving quickly. The vast majority of opens are related to the
price action of the ﬁnal hour or so of the prior day and take the form of a breakout,
a failed breakout, a breakout pullback, or a trend from the open, and any of these
can move very fast.
One of the most difﬁcult aspects of day trading is maintaining focus. Most
traders simply cannot stay intensely connected to the market for the entire ses-
sion, and they succumb to boredom and distractions and often suspect that this
is a major obstacle to them becoming consistently proﬁtable. And they are right.
The ﬁrst hour provides you with a great opportunity to remedy this problem. Even
if you think that watching every tick or at least every 5 minute bar is impossible
for you for an entire day, you might believe that you can do it for an hour. This
has to become one of your primary goals because it is a great way to make money.
The volume is huge and there are several trades every day in that ﬁrst hour. If you
simply trade the ﬁrst hour and increase your position size once you become consis-
tently proﬁtable, you might discover that the intensity is needed for only that hour.
Then, for the rest of the day, just look for two or three major reversals, which you

344
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
can almost always anticipate 10 or more minutes in advance, especially if you are
waiting for second entries (once you see the ﬁrst one, get ready to take the second,
which will usually follow within a few bars). Once you can trade the ﬁrst hour well,
look to trade the ﬁrst two hours, which usually provide the best trading of the day
and can very often give you all of the proﬁt that you expect from the entire day.
When trading around holidays like Christmas week and the week of the Fourth
of July, the ﬁrst hour is often very important because often that is the only time
when the market behaves like a normal day. It then frequently enters a tight trading
range for the rest of the day. If you want to trade around holidays, you have to be
particularly alert to setups in the ﬁrst hour.
When trading the 5 minute chart, it is easy to not be thinking about the many
institutional traders who are also paying attention to 15 minute charts. The ﬁrst
15 minute bar closes at the close of the third 5 minute bar and therefore activity
around this third bar will inﬂuence the appearance of the ﬁrst 15 minute bar. For
example, if the ﬁrst two bars of the day move in one direction and then the third
bar is a smaller pause bar, the breakout of the bar will determine whether there is
a 15 minute breakout or there could be a failure. Therefore, trading the breakout of
the third bar of the day often leads to a big move. Do not place a trade on the third
bar alone on most days, but be aware of its extra signiﬁcance. If it is an important
bar, there will usually be other price action to support the trade, and that additional
information should be the basis for the trade.
Similar logic can also be used for the last 5 minute bar of the 30 and 60 minute
charts (for example, the 60 minute chart is made of 12 bars on the 5 minute chart,
so the ﬁnal one closes when the 60 minute bar closes), but focusing on such longer
time frames and their infrequent entries increases the chances of missing one or
more proﬁtable 5 minute trades and therefore is not worthwhile.
Barbwire represents two-sided trading, and when it develops in the ﬁrst hour,
it often will be followed by a day where bulls and bears alternate control of the
market. If there is a trend after the barbwire, there will usually be a tradable coun-
tertrend setup at some point.
The ﬁrst bar of the day often shows what the day will be like. If it is a doji in
the middle of a tight trading range from the ﬁnal hour of yesterday and the moving
average is ﬂat, the odds favor a trading range day. If the bar is a trend bar but has
prominent tails, it is a one-bar trading range. Since most trading range breakouts
fail, the market will probably not be able to move above or below the bar for more
than a bar or two before there is a reversal. Some traders fade the breakouts of the
ﬁrst bar if it has prominent tails, and they will scale in once or twice. For example,
whether the market gaps up or down or has a bull or bear body, if the tails are fairly
prominent, many traders will short above the bar and buy below the bar for a scalp,
since they know that reversals usually dominate the ﬁrst hour and that the breakout
of a trading range, even if the trading range is a single bar, is likely to fail. Therefore,

THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
345
they bet that it will fail and trade in the opposite direction. Since they see that bar
as a one-bar trading range, they are in trading range mode, which means that they
will usually scalp most or all of their position.
The next several bars can also show the bias of the day. If dojis continue and
there are ﬁve reversals in the ﬁrst hour, the odds of a trading range day go up. If
there is a large gap opening and the market trends for the ﬁrst four bars, the odds of
a trend day are good. Traders will be ready for a trend from the ﬁrst bar trend, and
those ﬁrst bars might be the spike of a spike and channel trend day. However, they
will be ready if the ﬁrst pullback becomes a small ﬁnal ﬂag. This can lead to a spike
in the opposite direction, a breakout of the opposite end of the opening range, and
then a trend in the opposite direction.
The strongest swing trades in the ﬁrst couple of hours come from a conﬂuence
of patterns, but the patterns are sometimes subtle and traders should look for them
before the open and think about what might happen. Always consider both the
bull and bear case for everything, because there is smart money on both sides. As
always, traders are looking for breakouts and failed breakouts. For example, was
there an 18-bar long bear ﬂag at the end of yesterday that pulled back to the bear
trend line, and if so, did today open just below the bear ﬂag and below the moving
average, creating a breakout of the ﬂag, but then rally for two bars to the moving
average where it formed a bear reversal bar? If so, this is an opening reversal down
at the moving average and a breakout pullback short, after a test of the bear trend
line, with a good signal bar, creating a high probability swing (and scalp) short. The
more factors that are present, the higher the probability, and when there is a swing
setup with a high probability, the setup is very strong. Alternatively, did yesterday
end with a bull breakout from a 25-bar long trading range in a three day weak bull
trend that had a wedge shape, and was the market near the top of a two week long
trading range, and did the breakout have two legs up and did the market close at
the trend channel line above the three day wedge rally? Is so, did today open a few
ticks below the close of yesterday, trade up, and then reverse down into a strong
bear reversal bar, creating a second entry sell signal on the failed breakout above
yesterday’s high and the trading range (a likely ﬁnal ﬂag) and above the top of the
wedge bull channel? If so, this is a high probability swing (and scalp) short.

346
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure PIII.1
FIGURE PIII.1
Failed Early Reversal
The market often abruptly reverses after the ﬁrst few bars, but always be prepared
for the reversal to fail and set up a breakout pullback. As shown in Figure PIII.1,
bar 1 was the third bar of the day and it was a small bull reversal bar. It reversed up
from the moving average and a swing low from yesterday. This was a great opening
reversal long entry, and it also prevented the ﬁrst 15 minute bar from being a strong
bear trend bar.
The market had four consecutive bull trend bars starting at bar 1. After the
second one, some bulls started placing buy limit orders at the low of the prior bar,
expecting the ﬁrst attempt to reverse down to fail. They were ﬁlled on the small
bear bar that formed three bars after bar 2.
The next day, bar 3 also reversed a swing low from the day before and led
to a scalper’s proﬁt, but the bull entry bar reversed down in a two-bar reversal
for a short entry. Note that bar 3 was a bear trend bar and not a strong reversal
bar, so this was not a good countertrend long setup. The bulls were hoping for a
wedge reversal, where the ﬁrst two pushes occurred in the ﬁnal couple of hours of
yesterday. However, bar 3 and the bar before it were small trading range bars. The
bars were too small and lacked sufﬁcient bullish strength to have much chance of

Figure PIII.1
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
347
reversing that strong sell-off. The bulls tried to create that strength on the bar after
bar 3, but the bears quickly reversed the market down with an even larger bear
trend bar.
The break below the bar 3 low was also a break below the ﬁrst 15 minute
bar of the day on a day with a large gap down, increasing the odds of a tradable
downswing.
Notice that yesterday’s close was just below its open and well below the high
of the day. This created a reversal bar on the daily chart, even though it had a small
bull body. Some traders who trade off of the daily chart would then have placed sell
stops to go short if today fell below yesterday’s low. Because there were so many
traders willing to sell down there, the market gapped down today and traded below
yesterday’s low on the ﬁrst bar, triggering the sell signal on the daily chart. The
breakout attempted to fail at bar 3, but the reversal up failed and created a double
top bear ﬂag and breakout pullback short, with an entry below the bar 4 two-bar
reversal.

348
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure PIII.2
FIGURE PIII.2
The First Few Bars Can Set the Tone
As shown in Figure PIII.2, the price action in the ﬁrst several bars often foreshad-
ows what happens later. The rally from the open to the bar before bar 4 had several
large bull bars and only two small bear bars, showing that the bulls were willing
to be aggressive. This was something to remember later in the day in case another
buy setup appeared. Keeping that in mind, traders should have been more willing
to swing part of their longs because the trend was more likely to resume.
The high of the day usually comes from some kind of double top that rarely
looks like a double top. Here, bar 6 was the end of a second test up and therefore
was the signal for a double top short. Bar 4 became the possible high of the day.
Bar 8 was a double bottom with the closing low of yesterday, and it formed the low
of today. Even though the probability of a successful swing on an opening reversal
might be only 40 percent, many of the trades result in a small proﬁt or a small loss.
These small trades usually balance out, and the 40 percent that reach four or more
points become the source of a trader’s proﬁt. Trading these opening moves should
be a cornerstone for most traders as they try to build a business in day trading.
Experienced scalpers expect most breakout attempts to fail, and look to buy
low and sell high in the ﬁrst hour or two. Possible scalps included: selling above

Figure PIII.2
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
349
the ﬁrst bar, which was a doji bar, and scaling in higher (exiting the ﬁrst entry at
breakeven and the second and third entries with a proﬁt); buying above the bar 1
bull trend bar; shorting below the bear inside bar that followed bar 2 (a failed break-
out above the trading range of yesterday); buying on bar 3 as it broke above the
high of the prior bar (since the spike up to bar 2 was strong and was likely to be
followed by a second leg up); shorting below the two-bar reversal that followed the
bar 3 breakout to a new high of the day (a low 2 short); and shorting below the bar 6
bull trend bar, since it was a two-legged breakout of the bear micro channel down
to bar 5 and the bottom of the strong bear micro channel down to bar 5 was likely
to be tested.
Bar 8 was a successful second attempt to reverse the breakout to a new low
of the day and a double bottom with the close of yesterday, so it was likely to lead
to a rally that had at least two legs. In fact, the two-legged rally only had a small
sideways pause and therefore the move up was mostly in a channel. When a rally
is mostly in a channel, even if there is a pause and a small second leg, most traders
will see the entire channel as the ﬁrst leg and expect a more obvious second leg
to follow. The move up to bar 11 was just an extension of that channel with no
signiﬁcant pullback, and therefore many traders would have considered the rally
from bar 8 to bar 11 to be just one leg. However, as with most channels, there were
many overlapping bars, prominent tails, and bear trend bars. A bull channel is a
bear ﬂag, so traders were looking for a downside breakout, which could have led to
a pullback that was large enough to make traders believe that the ﬁrst leg up was
clearly over. They then needed to decide whether a second leg up was still likely or
the correction had lasted long enough for the bears to feel that the market would
not go much higher, thereby convincing them that this was a good price level to
again aggressively short. Instead of breaking to the downside, the market broke
strongly to the upside and the bears who had been shorting for the past couple of
hours had to quickly buy back their shorts. The bulls saw how strong the bull spike
was, and they bought at the market all of the way up because when a spike is this
strong, the odds favor higher prices.
Bar 12 was a high 2 buy for a second larger leg up, which also had two
smaller legs.

350
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure PIII.3
FIGURE PIII.3
Don’t Scalp Stocks with Small Ranges
Traders should not often scalp stocks with average daily ranges under a dollar, but
price action entries still work. As shown in Figure PIII.3, Intel (INTC) had two large
bear trend bars in the ﬁrst 15 minutes and then formed a double top bear ﬂag (bars
3 and 5). This is a reliable pattern that often leads to a bear trend day, and here it led
to a spike and climax bear trend. Yesterday’s bull trend was so strong that today’s
two-legged selling reversed back up at bar 6, likely at the moving average on the 15
or 60 minute charts, but it was good for at least a 10 cent scalp.
Whenever the moving average is as steeply up as it was yesterday, any strong
sell-off below it will almost always be followed by a tradable rally back up. Bar 6
was the signal for a double bottom bull ﬂag with yesterday’s 11:35 pullback from a
strong spike up. It then formed an even stronger bull spike into the close and the
entire move up became a spike and climax bull trend. Since the second spike is
comparable to the channel in a traditional spike and channel bull trend, its bottom
usually gets tested, as it did here.

Figure PIII.4
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
351
FIGURE PIII.4
Early Barbwire Often Leads to a Trading Range Day
Barbwire type (tight trading range with big tails and big bars) of trading with promi-
nent tails, overlapping bars, and many reversals for the ﬁrst 90 minutes of the day
is a sign of intense two-sided trading and uncertainty, and the day usually becomes
a trading range day. As shown in Figure PIII.4, today was a trending trading range
day, but since the market closed at the top of the upper trading range, it was also a
bull reversal day.
When barbwire develops at the open, it is usually followed by tradable swings
in both directions at some point in the day. By the third bar of the day, barbwire was
likely because about half of its range was overlapped by the prior bar and it closed
in its middle, meaning that the following bar would also likely overlap about half of
its range. The barbwire continued right through the entire weak rally to bar 2. It was
followed by a break of the bear trend line, a lower high, and then a second entry
to the lower high at bar 4, which formed a double top with bar 3. The breakout
to the downside over the next several bars made a trending trading range likely,
especially since the range to that point was only slightly more than half of that of
recent days and was likely to increase in a channel down after the spike. Traders
were looking for a downside breakout and then a measured move down for their
swing shorts. The downside breakout made the market always-in short, and follow-
through selling was likely. The channel down to the bar before bar 6 was likely the

352
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure PIII.4
start of a trading range. Bar 9 was the ﬁrst of a two-bar bull spike after the higher
low, and once that spike completed, most always-in traders would have concluded
that the market was then always-in up.
The rally to bar 7 broke the bull trend line and was followed by a lower low
and a two-bar reversal buy entry at bar 8, and then the bar 9 higher low rally into
the close.
The two consecutive bull trend bars at bar 1 were enough for some bull scalpers
to place buy limit orders at the low of bar 1 and protective stops below the bull bar
before it. They got long on the bear bar that followed and could have scalped out
with one or two points of proﬁt over the next couple of bars.

C H A P T E R 1 7
Patterns Related
to the Premarket
W
hen looking at tick or volume charts of the Globex Emini, the open is not
easy to spot because it is just part of the 24-hour trading day and appears
indistinguishable from the rest of the chart. In fact, the bar that contains
the open of the day session will almost always contain ticks from before that open.
There is a tendency for the Globex highs and lows to get tested in the day session,
and there are patterns in the Globex that get completed during the ﬁrst many bars
of the day session. The ﬁrst hour or so usually moves quickly, and the day session
alone provides great price action. Since most traders are not capable of trading two
charts well, especially in a fast market like after the open, just choose either the
Globex or day session 5 minute chart. It is a matter of personal preference. Some
successful traders watch the Globex all day, but I prefer to watch the day session.
Other traders watch the Globex chart for an hour or so and then switch to the day
session chart. Most trades that set up on the Globex chart will have price action
reasons for traders who watch only the day session to take the same entry. You
should be willing to miss an occasional trade rather than risk losing money while
being confused as you quickly try to analyze two charts while you place entry, stop,
and proﬁt-target orders.
When the market has a large gap on the day session and moves to close it in
the ﬁrst 30 minutes or so, the moving average on the Globex is often in the op-
posite direction to that in the day session during this time. For example, if there
is a large gap down, the moving average for the day session will be down, but if
there was a lower low on the Globex and the market had been rallying for the
30 minutes before the open, the Globex moving average can be rising and the
353

354
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Globex prices can be above the moving average. If you look at only the day session
and see a large gap and the market is trending strongly to close it off the open, look
at the momentum and not the moving average, since the momentum is a reﬂection
of the actual price action that is taking place. Traders who watch only the day ses-
sion have to be aware that the moving average is often unreliable for the ﬁrst hour
or so.

Figure 17.1
PATTERNS RELATED TO THE PREMARKET
355
FIGURE 17.1
The Globex and Day Session Usually Give Related Signals
As shown in Figure 17.1, the Globex and day session charts usually give signals at
the same time, but often from different patterns. Bar 1 on both the Globex chart on
the left and on the day session chart on the right is the 6:35 a.m. PST bar. The Globex
had a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal buy signal, and the day session had a bear trend bar reversal
that was a breakout pullback above the two-legged up move into yesterday’s close.
Remember that if the ﬁrst bar of the day is a trend bar, it is usually a setup for a
scalp. If it fails, especially with an opposite trend bar, it is a setup in the opposite
direction.
In the Globex session, bar 1 was below a falling moving average, but bar 1 was
above the moving average in the day session. It can take an hour or two before
the moving average is the same in both sessions, and it can provide different and
equally valid setups in each. However, nothing is gained by most traders who watch
both charts, and doing so usually increases the chances that a trader will not be
quick enough to take all of the available trades and will make mistakes in order
placement.

356
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 17.2
FIGURE 17.2
The Moving Average Is Diﬀerent on the Globex
Sometimes the moving average on the day session is not helpful in the ﬁrst 30 min-
utes when there is a large gap. In Figure 17.2, the day session on the right gapped
down and the market could not push above the falling moving average for more
than 90 minutes. However, the rally in the Globex (it trades almost 24 hours a day)
on the left began 30 minutes before the open, and the market was above the rising
moving average from 6:30 a.m. PST onward and appeared more bullish. The 7:20
a.m. barbwire setup at bar 1 was above the moving average and therefore bullish
in the Globex, but below the moving average on the day session. However, the up-
ward momentum was strong in both, and traders should have been looking for buy
setups.

C H A P T E R 1 8
Patterns Related to
Yesterday: Breakouts,
Breakout Pullbacks,
and Failed Breakouts
M
any trades in the ﬁrst hour are related to patterns from the prior day, so try
to anticipate setups before the market opens. Look at the ﬁnal hour or two
of yesterday to see if there was a strong trend (an always-in direction that
might carry over to today), a trading range, a channel, or any kind of pattern that
could lead to a breakout on today’s open. Although some days open within a quiet
trading range from the ﬁnal hour or two of the prior day and the moving average
is ﬂat, on most days there is some kind of breakout on the open. When you are
uncertain what the breakout is, simply look at the moving average and use that
as a proxy. If the ﬁrst bar is entirely above the moving average, think of the open
as a gap up. If the ﬁrst bar is entirely below the moving average, assume that the
market is gapping down. There is usually a gap between the close of the ﬁnal bar of
yesterday and the open of the ﬁrst bar of today, and that alone is a breakout. Look
for breakouts of anything, including a channel or ﬂag into yesterday’s close. It can
be a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag or a three-hour channel. Look for a breakout below any swing
high or low, especially the high or low of yesterday.
Once today opens and you see a breakout, you have to evaluate how likely it is
to have follow-through. If there is a large gap down and the ﬁrst bar is a strong bear
trend bar with an open near its high and a close near its low, today might be a trend
from the open bear. If instead it is a strong bull reversal bar, the breakout might
fail and the day might become a trend from the open bull. If that bear breakout has
follow-through for a few bars and then there is a strong bull reversal, this could set
up a failed breakout and a possible low of the day. If the rally lasts only a bar or
two and then there is another strong bear trend bar, the failed breakout might be
failing. If so, shorting below that bear bar is a breakout pullback entry. The market
357

358
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
broke out and then it failed, but the failure turned into a pullback in the bear trend
instead of a reversal.
The opposite is true when there is a bull breakout on the open. Look for follow-
through or a reversal into a failed breakout short entry. Does the reversal down
continue with two or three or more large bear trend bars, making a bear trend day
likely? Or is there a bull reversal bar within a bar or two, resulting in a failure of that
failed breakout? If so, the pattern is evolving into a breakout pullback buy setup.
You need to evaluate every open this way. Look for the breakout, and then look for
a possible reversal into a failed breakout setup. Finally, if there is a failed breakout,
look to see if it has follow-through or if it is failing. If it is failing, it is setting up a
breakout pullback trade and a resumption of the breakout.

Figure 18.1
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
359
FIGURE 18.1
A Bull Channel Is a Bear Flag
A bull channel from yesterday is a bear ﬂag, and the market often breaks below it
on the open (see Figure 18.1). Yesterday, the Oil Service HOLDRS (OIH) 5 minute
chart had a nearly four-hour, two-legged rally that broke the major bear trend line
(not shown) after the strong move down to bar 1, and the rally overshot a bear
trend channel line twice and reversed down both times (bars 4 and 5). This was
evidence that the bulls were losing control. The length of the rally was evidence of
bullish strength.
The sell-off from bar 5 into the close ﬂipped the market to always-in short, and
traders assumed that this trend would carry into today’s open. Today, the market
gapped down, had a strong bear trend bar, and quickly traded below yesterday’s
low, where it formed a strong two-bar bull reversal. This large bear ﬂag failed break-
out occurred over two days and provided an excellent long entry at one tick above
the high of bar 7. This was a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal from the bear ﬂag that began at bar
1, and a lower low major trend reversal. Opening reversals that reverse the high
or low of the prior day often form the high or low of the day, so traders should
swing some or most of their contracts. Here, a breakeven stop would have allowed
a trader to make as much as $5.00 on a swing to a new swing high above bar 5.
When the open forms a breakout of a pattern from the prior day’s close, traders
should enter on a failed breakout setup, like bar 7, and then enter in the opposite

360
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.1
direction if the failed breakout fails and becomes a breakout pullback. Here, the
three-bar rally that followed was strong enough so that a second leg up was likely
and therefore traders should not yet have been looking to short a breakout pull-
back. Since a second leg up was likely, it was better to buy above bar 8 or below
the low of either of the prior two bars. Bar 8 was a signal bar for a breakout pull-
back long, following the breakout above the bar 6 top of the opening range. It was
also a setup for a long based on the failed double top bear ﬂag where bar 6 was the
ﬁrst top.
It is important to realize that, even though the market sold off sharply yesterday
from bar 5 into the close, the market could easily have gapped up on the open at
bar 6. If it had, then the sell-off from bar 5 would have become a failed breakout
attempt.

Figure 18.2
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
361
FIGURE 18.2
Failed Breakout Early in the Day
Always be ready for a failed breakout, no matter how strong the ﬁrst bar is and
even if there are trapped traders from yesterday’s close (see Figure 18.2).
The UltraShort Oil and Gas ProShares (DUG) closed yesterday with a four-
hour bull channel, which is a bear ﬂag, and it broke to the downside going into the
close. The bull channel was made of a spike and channel bull trend, and the sell-
off to bar 4 set up a possible double bottom bull ﬂag. The sell-off down to bar 4
broke below the bull channel, and today’s open broke out of the top of the channel.
Although the ﬁrst bar of the day was a strong bull reversal bar and could have been
the beginning of a trend from the open bull, it was followed by a strong bear trend
bar and created a two-bar reversal and a setup for a failed breakout short and a
higher high major trend reversal. The result was a failed breakout above the bar 3
wedge top and expanding triangle top (bars 2 and 3 were the ﬁrst two pushes), and
a trend from the open bear.
Yesterday’s spike and channel bull trend ended in a wedge channel and was
therefore likely to have at least a two-legged correction, but the pullback from the
breakout to bar 4 was a higher high up to bar 5. When there is a strong reversal
setup like a second entry for a wedge or an expanding triangle, the market usually
corrects for at least 10 bars and two legs, which happened here. The market fell
for an approximate measured move and tested just above yesterday’s low. The two

362
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.2
bull bodies at the low were a sign of buying pressure, and some bulls entered on
a stop as bar 8 went above those bull bars. Other traders entered above the bar 8
outside up bar. The market was trying to form a double bottom with yesterday’s
low, and if it broke above the bar 5 high, it could work higher over the next couple
of days to a measured move up.
Bar 9 was an outside up breakout bar, and it ﬂipped the market to always-in
long. It made traders think that the market was not in the process of forming a bear
ﬂag and was more likely trying to form the low of the day.
The rally to bar 10 was a three-bar bull spike with small tails and large bull
bodies and therefore a second leg up was likely. The pullback was likely to stay
above the bar 9 low, which is where most traders became convinced that the market
had ﬂipped into bull mode.
The move up to bar 3 was very strong, with many bull trend bars, and even
though it ended with a wedge, this strength made it likely that there would be a
second attempt up after a correction. It was probably a bull spike on some higher
time frame chart.
Wedges usually don’t fail before having at least a two-legged correction, so
when the market gapped up and formed a bull trend bar, the bulls were excited.
However, on the very next bar, they were stopped out and smart traders saw this
as a consecutive, opposite failure and shorted.
Bar 6 was a failed trend line break in a steep bear trend, so it was a micro trend
line low 1 short. This was a low 1 short in a strong bear spike in a possible new bear
swing and therefore a reasonable trade.
Bar 7 set up a bear low 2 short setup, and was a small double top with bar 6.
Bar 8 was the deep correction that price action traders were looking for after
the strong move up to bar 3. It was also two legs down on the day and a test of yes-
terday’s low. Some traders saw the move down to bar 8 as a two-legged correction
where the ﬁrst leg down was to bar 4 and the pullback was to a higher high.
Bar 9 was another chance to buy since it was a failed low 2, which usually
results in at least two more legs up. This was a great trade because it trapped bulls
out of a strong up move and they would then have to chase the market up. An
outside up failed low 1 or low 2 trap like this is common at the start of a strong
trend and is a sign that the trend will likely go far.
Bar 10 was a strong up leg that broke the trend line and broke above the moving
average and had many bull trend bars, so a higher low was likely to follow. Bar 10
was also a moving average gap bar, but at this point you would be looking to buy
a pullback and you would short only a great setup and then only for a scalp. The
trend was up since bar 9 until proven otherwise.
Bar 11 was a failed breakout from a bear micro channel, and bar 12 became a
lower low breakout pullback buy setup.

Figure 18.2
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
363
The market formed two small bear trend bars en route to bar 13, and this is
effectively a two-legged correction from the bar 12 reversal up. You could have
bought on bar 13, above the second bear trend bar, or on bar 14, after the inside
bar that acted as a breakout pullback. This was a higher low major trend reversal.
There was no pullback when the market broke above bar 10, indicating that the
bulls were strong. You could have looked for a high 2 on the 1 minute chart to go
long or waited for a 5 minute pause or pullback.
Bar 15 was not a good high 1 long because the move up was no longer a strong
bull spike. It followed a small spike and climax bull move that reversed down from
a small trend channel line overshoot (dashed line), and it was likely to correct side-
ways to down for at least a couple of legs. Also, the signal bar was a strong bear
trend bar, which was a sign of more two-sided trading. The ﬁrst sign of the two-
sided trading was the bear trend bar from four bars earlier, and the ﬁve bars before
bar 15 had some overlap and prominent tails.
Bar 16 was a high 2 long on the breakout above the small inside bar, which
allowed for a tight stop.

364
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.3
FIGURE 18.3
First-Hour Double Top
As shown in Figure 18.3, in the ﬁrst hour, the market often forms a double top or
bottom that becomes an extreme of the day or of at least the next few hours. AAPL
closed yesterday with a tight trading range, which could have been a setup for a
ﬁnal ﬂag. On bar 3, the ﬁrst bar of the day, AAPL quickly broke below the bull ﬂag
from yesterday’s close and then broke out of the top, forming a small wedge bull
ﬂag breakout. However, this breakout also failed, and it reversed back down on
the next bar. Although this two-bar reversal at bar 4 was a decent ﬁnal ﬂag short
entry, the momentum up was strong and the original failed breakout through the
downside meant that it might have been better to wait for more price action before
shorting. At this point, a failed ﬂag breakout after a failed downside breakout and a
reversal of yesterday’s high made the bear case more likely.
Bar 5 came at the end of a barbwire pattern that trapped bulls into buying a
high 2, and was a great short entry at one tick below the low of the high 2 sig-
nal bar (the prior bar). This bar trapped the bulls long and it then forced them
out. The market could have found support at the moving average and within the
bull ﬂag between bars 2 and 3, so traders were cautious about their shorts. Any
area of overlapping bars, especially when they are large and when the tight trading
range has multiple reversals, is an area of strong two-sided trading. Bulls will short

Figure 18.3
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
365
below and not buy above, and bears will short above and not below. The result is
that breakouts tend to get pulled back into the range, as they were after the bear
breakouts at bars 3, 9, and 11 and the bull breakouts at bars 4 and 7.
Bar 6 was a signal to reverse to long, because it was a failed breakout, a
second leg down to the moving average in a bull trend (most bars were above
a rising moving average), a two-bar reversal, and a bull bar on a pullback to the
moving average.
Note that the sell-off to bar 6 broke a trend line, indicating that the bears were
willing to become aggressive, so traders were prepared for a failed test of the bar 4
top of the bull trend.
Bar 7 was a reversal bar that failed in its breakout to a new high. It was the
second failed attempt to break out above yesterday’s high (bar 4 was the ﬁrst), and
it created a wedge top and a higher high major trend reversal. Since the range of the
day so far had been only about half of that of a typical recent day, there was a good
chance that a breakout in either direction would double the range and likely have
at least two legs (the trend traders would probably be conﬁdent enough to make at
least a second push down after any pullback). Bar 7 was the second failed attempt
to break out above yesterday’s high, and when the market tries to do something
twice and fails, it usually tries to go in the opposite direction. The bar 7 double top
(and third push up in the bull trend) was the top of the day.
Many traders would have thought that the market became always-in short on
the two strong bear trend bars that broke below the four-bar bull ﬂag that followed
bar 7. Some traders would have wanted more evidence.
Bar 9 broke below the bar 6 swing low, but not the low of the day. Since the
range was still small and the market twice failed to get follow-through on the break-
out above yesterday’s high, the odds were very high that there would be at least one
more push down to test the low of the day, which was a magnet and in very close
proximity. The market was now within its magnetic ﬁeld.
Bar 10 completed a barbwire pattern, but since everyone was conﬁdent of a
second leg down and a test to a new low of the day, it offered a great low 2 short
below the small inside bar. It was also a breakout pullback entry from the breakout
below bar 6. Finally, since it was such a large breakout bar and it closed on its low,
the traders who wanted more evidence that the market was in fact now always-in
short were satisﬁed. There was a lot of conﬁdence that the market would work
lower, maybe to around a measured move down.
The barbwire pullback to bar 10 broke a minor bear trend line (not shown), so
it might have been the correction that ended the ﬁrst leg down, but the momentum
down had been so strong that the bulls were not conﬁdent enough to buy aggres-
sively yet. They needed more price action.
The break to the bar 11 new low of the day was essentially straight down, and
therefore likely not the end of the move (traders will look for a second leg down to

366
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.3
at least test the bar 11 low). Since it was a failed breakout of a bear trend channel
line (the line began on the bar before bar 8), two legs up were likely ﬁrst.
Bar 12 was a small double bottom pullback long setup after the small bar 11
double bottom, but in the absence of a prior good trend line break or a strong rever-
sal bar, it would only be a scalp. Also, since a second leg down was likely and there
was no evidence that the always-in trade had reversed back up, it would have been
much wiser to focus on getting short again or adding to shorts than allowing your-
self to be distracted by a small bull scalp after seven sideways bars with big tails.
Bar 13 was another low 2 opportunity for the bears, but the rally to the moving
average broke a good bear trend line. This was a signal to both the bulls and the
bears that the next reversal up from a new swing low had a good chance of having
two legs up, if the reversal was strong enough. The low 2 short was a second entry,
and it had a bear signal bar at the moving average, which increased the chance
of success.
Bar 14 was another low 2 short and followed a reasonably strong two-bar bear
spike down from bar 13.
Bar 15 was a two-bar reversal up from a break to a new low. It had a strong
bull reversal bar off the new low after overshooting two bear trend channel lines.
It was the second leg down (the channel after a small spike, which was the ﬁrst
leg down) from the ﬁrst trend line breakout pullback to bar 13 and a breakout test
of the bar 1 lowest high of yesterday. Some traders saw it as a double bottom buy
setup, and others saw it as a higher low after a strong rally to bar 7. It was the
second leg down from the high of the day and the bottom of a large wedge bull
ﬂag where bars 3 and 11 were the ﬁrst two pushes down. All of these were signs
of strength and increased the odds that the rally would have two legs. The second
leg ended at bar 16, which broke above the high of the ﬁrst leg and reversed. It
failed to break above the bar 14 high, forming a double top bear ﬂag with bar 14. It
was also the bottom of a parabolic channel that followed the bear spike down from
bar 13. Other traders saw the two bear trend bars before the bar 8 low as the more
important spike, and their channel down began at bar 10. Some traders saw bar 10
as a spike and the move down from bar 13 as the channel. Some traders thought
that the bear trend bar after bar 4 or the bar 5 bear trend bar were important spikes.
They saw bar 7 as a higher high breakout pullback. The reality was that each of
those bear trend bars represented selling pressure, which is cumulative. Once it
reached enough critical mass to overwhelm the bulls, the market went down.
Incidentally, when there is a strong move up that ends in three pushes and
then sells off with less momentum (shallower slope, smaller trend bars, more tails),
the odds are good that the high of the three pushes will be exceeded before long
because this bottom is likely a higher time frame higher low. The market fulﬁlled
its objective on the open of the next day. If the market continues up, the next target
would be a measured move up from the double bottom.

Figure 18.4
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
367
FIGURE 18.4
Breakout from Yesterday’s Pattern
As shown in Figure 18.4, the ﬁrst bar of the day is often a breakout of a channel
from yesterday. Yesterday was a bull trending trading range day and a spike and
channel bull trend that had three pushes up. The market broke below the channel
on the close, and it broke further below on the gap opening. Bar 1 was a breakout
pullback short, and it could have been the start of a bear trend from the open.
Bar 3 tried to form a failed breakout opening reversal, but the move down was
steep and in a channel. This made bar 3 a risky buy, despite the small three pushes
down on the day. When the move down is in a tight channel, it is safer to wait to
buy until there is a breakout and then a pullback.
Bar 5 was a lower low breakout pullback, and it tried to form a double bottom
with yesterday’s low (to the penny). It led to a small wedge rally that formed a
double top bear ﬂag at bar 6.
A double top bear ﬂag is a common setup after an initial down move off the
open, especially in stocks, and is often followed by a protracted bear trend that is
frequently a trending trading range bear. The bar 6 signal bar was a moving average
gap bar.
Bar 7 was a breakout pullback short even though the breakout of the low of
the day had not yet developed. Close enough. It was also a failed double bottom

368
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.4
pullback and a successful double top pullback setup, and a failed breakout of the
micro channel down from bar 6.
Bar 9 was a two-legged breakout pullback from breaking below yesterday’s and
today’s lows.
Yesterday’s daylong bull trend was actually just a large bear ﬂag, and today was
the bear trend that came from its breakout. Today was a trending trading range
bear trend day, a trend from the open bear trend day, and a gap spike and channel
bear trend.

Figure 18.5
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
369
FIGURE 18.5
A Bear Channel Is a Bull Flag
A bear channel is a bull ﬂag, and a breakout above it on the open is often followed
by a breakout pullback buy signal. As shown in Figure 18.5, yesterday was a strong
bear trend day, but bar 4 broke above a major trend line, indicating that the market
might try to reverse after a test of the bar 3 low (usually a two-legged drop). Instead,
the market sold off in two legs into the close.
Bar 8 broke above the new, ﬂatter major trend line generated by the bar 4 rally
and then had a small two-legged breakout pullback at the moving average at bar 9
(two bear trend bars separated by a bull trend bar). This breakout pullback, which
was a higher low major trend reversal, led to a trend from the open bull trend day.
When the ﬁrst 5 to 10 bars form a sideways range, many institutions enter on the
breakout of the range, and this breakout often leads to a trend day. There is less
risk entering earlier, like above the moving average test bar in this case.
Bar 10 was the third push up (three trending trading ranges), so a two-legged
pullback was expected. However, the channel up to bar 10 was tight, so the break-
out and two-legged sell-off below the channel were likely to be followed by a test
of the high.
Bar 11 tested the low of the prior trading range and was an 11:45 a.m. PST sharp
move down to trap bulls out of the market. It formed a moving average gap bar long

370
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.5
that was also a high 2, and this ﬁnal bull leg broke out of the top of the third trading
range and extended to almost a measured move up into the close (twice the height
of the bar 10 to bar 11 sell-off).
This was a spike and channel bull trend that was followed by a double bottom
bull ﬂag (bar 11 and the bottom of the trading range from two hours earlier), and it
was a trend from the open bull trend day.

Figure 18.6
PATTERNS RELATED TO YESTERDAY
371
FIGURE 18.6
Yesterday’s Patterns Are Important
Patterns from the prior day almost always inﬂuence the ﬁrst hour. Looking at
Figure 18.6, don’t worry about the tiny bars in this chart and instead focus on
the concepts.
Bar 1 was a sharp pullback to test yesterday’s strong close, and it quickly re-
versed up, creating a buy entry at one tick above the high of the bar 1 pullback and
again above the high of the ﬁrst bar of the day.
Bar 4 was a breakout pullback short setup. The open generated a lower low
after the bar 3 lower high, major trend reversal and bar 4 set up a low 2 short.
Bar 5 was an opening reversal that followed the lower low major trend reversal
test of the bear low that formed yesterday after the bear trend line break. Today
opened up and traded down to test that lower low. The breakout pullback entry
above bar 5 was effectively a high 2 since bar 5 was the second leg down (yester-
day’s close was the ﬁrst leg) and a small double bottom with both the ﬁnal bar of
yesterday and with the low that formed earlier that day.
The small bar 6 lower high and then trend line break resulted in a breakout
pullback short. The ﬁrst bar of the day tested below the trend line and reversed up,
but the move up failed at bar 6.

372
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 18.6
Bar 7 was a wedge long setup (a failed breakout below the bear trend chan-
nel line and below yesterday’s low), and the wedge followed a break of a major
bear trend line. It was a reversal up from the breakout below the small trend
channel line.
Bar 8 was a breakout pullback from the break above the trend line going into
yesterday’s close. That bear channel was a bear ﬂag, so bar 8 was a setup for a
breakout pullback long. It was also the end of a large two-legged pullback after the
strong rally on yesterday’s open. The easiest entry after the bar 8 breakout pullback
higher low was the high 2 at bar 9.

C H A P T E R 1 9
Opening Patterns
and Reversals
I
nstitutional traders have orders to ﬁll before the day opens, and they want to
ﬁll them at the best possible price. For example, if they have mostly buy orders
and the market opens with a large gap down, they will buy immediately if they
feel that the lower open represents a great value that won’t last long. If they believe
that the market will trade down a little, then they will wait to buy lower. If the
market instead opens with a gap up, they might decide that the market should pull
back. If that is their belief, there is no incentive for them to buy now because they
expect that they will soon be able to buy lower. This creates a sell vacuum, and the
market can move down quickly since the institutional bulls are simply waiting to
buy at a more favorable price. Invariably, they will wait until the market reaches a
support level like the moving average, a trend line, a measured move, or a swing
high or low. If enough institutions have order imbalances to the buy side and if
they all begin their buying at around the same level, the sharp sell-off can reverse
up strongly. The sell-off wasn’t as much due to strong bears as it was due to strong
bulls who were simply waiting for the market to fall to a support level, whereupon
they bought relentlessly and overwhelmed the bears. This is the vacuum effect;
the market got sucked down quickly to a level where there were lots of strong
buyers waiting.
The opposite happens on days when the institutions have a lot of sell orders
going into the open. There will often be a buy vacuum that sucks the market up
quickly and then suddenly the bears appear and drive the market down hard. They
were bearish from the open, but if they believed that the market was going to
trade up to some resistance level, they would refrain from shorting until the mar-
ket reached the point where they thought that it would not go higher. It does not
373

374
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
make sense for them to short if they think the market will go a little higher. At that
point, they begin shorting and they overwhelm the bulls. The result is an opening
reversal down.
These sharp reversals up and down are opening reversals and often become
either the high or the low of the day. If traders understand what is going on and do
not get tricked into believing that all sharp moves are just spikes that will be fol-
lowed by channels, they will be ready to swing trade on the reversal and sometimes
can hold part of their position for most of the day.
Although most days have an opening reversal or trend from the open where
there is a 50 to 60 percent chance of making at least twice the size of the risk, be-
ginners struggle to determine which of the often several setups is that best one.
The exact probabilities of any setup cannot be known with a high degree of cer-
tainty because there are so many variables, and this is especially true of setups in
the opening range, but the ones that I am using are reasonable guidelines. On most
days, there are several reasonable reversals in the opening range, but they have
only about a 30 percent chance of leading to a swing trade where the reward is at
least twice as large as the risk (although many have about a 60 percent chance of
making a reward that is as large as the risk). Also, the earliest is sometimes the best
one, but the several reversals that follow often pull back beyond the entry price and
scare beginners out of their positions. Beginners can either take one that they feel
is strong and then simply rely on their protective stops and allow for pullbacks,
waiting for the ultimate breakout, or they can scalp for a reward that is equal to
their risk and then trade in the opposite direction if the next reversal setup looks
good. Most traders have a better chance of becoming proﬁtable if they take what
they believe is a good setup, rely on their protective stops, and allow the pullbacks,
exiting only if a strong signal in the opposite direction forms.
The ﬁrst bar of the day has about a 20 percent chance of being either the high
or the low of the day for all markets. If it is a strong trend bar without big tails,
it has a 30 percent chance. Either the high or the low forms within the ﬁrst ﬁve
bars or so in 50 percent of days, and it forms within the ﬁrst hour or two in 90 per-
cent of days. Even though most reversals do not lead to a proﬁt that is at least
twice as large as the risk, if a trader held them for a swing, most would end up
as scalps. The proﬁts from the winning trades are usually at least as large as the
losses from the losing trades, and the occasional big winner makes this approach
worthwhile. Alternatively, a trader can simply look to scalp for a reward that is at
least as large as the risk. The high of the day usually comes from some kind of dou-
ble top, even though the two highs are often not at the same price, and the low of
the day usually comes from a double bottom. In general, if the day is having rever-
sals, a trader should wait until there is a double top or bottom before looking for a
swing trade. Once one forms, it has about a 40 to 50 percent chance of leading to
a swing, depending on the context and the setup, and an extreme of the day.

OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
375
Most traders should work hard to become experts at spotting and trading the
best opening reversals, and make these swing trades the cornerstone of their trad-
ing. For example, when the average range in the Emini is about 10 to 15 points, the
probability of a four-point swing on a reasonably good-looking opening reversal
(one where the context is good and there is a decent signal bar) is often only about
40 percent (it can be 50 to 60 percent when the setup is very strong). However,
the chance of a two-point stop being hit before either the proﬁt target is reached
or a reversal signal develops, where the trader can exit with a smaller loss or a
small proﬁt, is often only about 30 percent. This makes the trader’s equation very
favorable for this type of trade. If traders win four points in four out of 10 trades,
they have 16 points of proﬁt off of their swing trades. If they then have maybe three
losses of two points or less and three wins of about one to three points, they will
end up about breakeven on those trades. This is fairly typical when a trader picks
appropriate setups. The trader then has about 16 points of proﬁt on 10 trades, and
averages 1.6 points of proﬁt per trade, which is good for a day trader.
When there is not a reversal, the spike in fact can be followed by a channel and
the day can become a spike and channel trend day. If there is a reversal, but it lasts
for only a few bars and then reverses back in the direction of the spike, the reversal
attempt has failed and has become a breakout pullback setup that will usually be
followed by some type of channel. For example, if the market rallies up strongly on
the ﬁrst three bars of the day but then has a bear reversal bar, many traders will
reverse to short below that bar. However, if the spike is strong and the reversal
bar is weak, more traders will assume that the reversal attempt will fail. They will
place buy stop orders above the high of the prior bar in any pullback, including
the high of the bear reversal bar if there is no pullback. If the market trades up,
the small sell-off becomes a breakout pullback and the reversal attempt will have
failed. Some bulls will place buy limit orders at and below the reversal bar if they
are especially conﬁdent of the strength of the up move.
The open always leads to a breakout or a reversal, and sometimes to both.
Other than gap openings, common patterns on the open are the same as patterns
occurring at any other time of the day and include:
r Trends from the open, which were discussed in Part I in the ﬁrst book.
r Breakouts and reversals, which are failed breakouts. Look for reversals at sup-
port or resistance areas like the moving average, trend lines, trend channel
lines, swing highs and lows (especially the high and low of yesterday), break-
out areas, trading range tops and bottoms, and measured move targets.
r Breakout pullbacks (a failed breakout that failed to reverse the market).
On most days, either the high or low of the day is formed within the ﬁrst hour
or so. Once one of the day’s extremes is formed, the market reverses toward what

376
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
will become the other extreme of the day. Obviously, there is no reversal on a trend
from the open day, but the market still works toward the other extreme, which will
usually be near the close of the day. The opening reversal is often recognizable and
can be a great trading opportunity for a swing trade. The ﬁrst move on the open is
often fast and covers many points, and it is hard to believe that it could suddenly
reverse direction, but this is a common occurrence. The turn is usually at some key
point like a test of the high or low of yesterday, a swing high or low of yesterday
or today, a breakout of a trading range of yesterday or today, a trend line or trend
channel line, a moving average, or any of the above on a different time frame chart
or on the Globex chart. Even if the best setup is on a 60 minute or daily chart, there
will almost always be a price action reason to take the trade based entirely on the
5 minute day session chart, so traders adept at chart reading only need to watch
the one chart that they are using for trading.
The initial price action often reveals the character of the day. If the ﬁrst bar is
a doji bar in the middle of yesterday’s closing range, then the bar is a one-bar trad-
ing range, and the odds of a trading range day are increased. If the ﬁrst hour has
many overlapping bars with big tails and multiple reversals, the odds of a trading
range day are also increased. In contrast, if there is a gap up or down and then a
three- or four-bar bear spike within the ﬁrst hour and the trend bars are large with
little overlap and only small tails, the odds of a bear trend day increase. Traders
often look for a pair of consecutive bull trend bars in the ﬁrst hour or so. If they
are present, traders would see them as a sign that the market is always-in long, at
least for a scalp. This means that they think that the market might be in the early
stages of a bull trend. Until there is enough follow-through for traders to believe
that a measured move of some kind is likely, many traders will scalp most or all
of their position. This leads to the many reversals that are common in the ﬁrst
hour or so. If instead there were consecutive strong bear trend bars, they would as-
sume that the market was always-in short and that the day was trying to become a
bear trend day. For example, if there have been consecutive strong bear trend bars
and then a bar trades above the high of the prior bar, many traders will short be-
low the low of that pullback bar for a scalp. If the context is right, they might
think that the pullback is the start of a large trend and they will swing most or all
of their trade.
The opening range often gives clues to how the day will unfold, provides sup-
port and resistance for the rest of the day, and leads to measured move projections.
There are almost always several choices for the top and bottom of the opening
range, so there will rarely ever be perfect agreement as to the exact bars that con-
tain it or the length of time that it takes to form. In general, it is the height of either
the trading range, if there is one, or the largest leg of the ﬁrst 30 to 90 minutes.
Sometimes the leg will have two or three smaller legs within it, and sometimes
there will be a pullback and then a brief higher high or low or lower high or low.

OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
377
If there is that new extreme, some traders will use that to enlarge the opening range,
and others will continue to use the original range and will view the new extreme as
a meaningless overshoot.
It is helpful to classify the size of the opening range into three categories. If
the range is only about 25 percent of the size of the range of recent days, traders
will enter on a breakout of the range in either direction. A couple of times a month,
this will become a trend from the open day with small pullbacks and relentless
progression.
If the opening range is about a third to a half the size of the range of recent
days, traders will assume that the range will grow to about the size of an average
day. The day will usually have some trading range activity and then break out up or
down. About two-thirds of the time it will become a trend day, which will usually
be a trending trading range day, although any type of trend day is possible. The
breakout will typically reach about a measured move based on the height of the
opening range. It will usually come back and test the breakout point later in the day,
and it often then breaks back into the earlier range. If the reversal back into the
opening range is strong and the market closes at the opposite side of that earlier
range, the day becomes a reversal day. This is in fact the most common way that
reversal days form. In the other third of cases, the day just trades a little beyond
the opening range, then reverses and breaks out of the opposite side of the range,
and then trades back into the range. When this happens, the day usually becomes a
small trading range day, but sometimes that second breakout can lead to a trending
trading range day in the opposite direction.
The third possibility is when the opening move is large. This is usually due
to a strong spike and the day often becomes a spike and channel trend day, but
sometimes it leads to a climactic reversal, usually after a small ﬁnal ﬂag.
An important point to recognize is that if the market makes a strong move on
the open and then reverses, that initial strong move indicates strength, and it may
return later in the day. For example, if the market sells off strongly for the ﬁrst four
bars of the day and then reverses up into a strong bull trend, you should remem-
ber the initial bear trend and not assume that the bulls will control the market until
the close. That initial downside strength indicates that bears were willing to aggres-
sively short the market earlier in the day and may look for another opportunity later
in the day, despite the bull trend. So if there is a strong correction in the bull trend,
do not ignore the possibility that it could be another trend change taking place, this
time back to a bear trend.
The patterns in the ﬁrst hour are the same as those later in the day, but the
reversals are often more violent and the trends tend to last longer. An important
key to maximizing trading proﬁts is to swing part of any position that could be
a high or a low of the day. If the trade looks particularly strong, swing all of the
position and take partial proﬁts on a third to a half after the trade has run one to

378
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
two times your initial risk. If you bought what you think could be the low of the
day and your initial stop was below the signal bar, which was about three points
below your entry price, take about a quarter to half off at around two to four points
and maybe another quarter to half off at four to six points. Alternatively, instead of
using ﬁxed limit orders, take some off at the ﬁrst pause after two points of proﬁt
and some more off at the ﬁrst pause after four points. Hold the remaining contracts
until there is a clear and strong opposite signal or until your breakeven stop is hit.
Look to add to your position at every with-trend setup, like a two-legged pullback
to the moving average in a strong trend. For these additional contracts, scalp most
or all of the position, but continue to swing some contracts.
Some reversals start quietly, trend only slightly for many bars, and appear to
be just another ﬂag in the old trend, but then the market forcefully breaks into an
opposite trend. For example, a bear ﬂag can break out to the upside and the market
could reverse into a bull trend. Other reversals have strong momentum from the
entry bar. Be open to all possibilities and try to take every signal, especially if it is
strong. One of the difﬁculties is that reversals often are sharp and traders might not
have enough time to convince themselves that a reversal setup could actually lead
to a reversal. However, if there is a strong trend bar for the signal bar, the chances
of success are good and you must take the trade. If you feel like you need more
time to assess the setup, at least take a half or a quarter position because the trade
might suddenly move very far very fast and you need to be involved, even if in only
a small way. Then look to add on at the ﬁrst pullback.
Unlike a double bottom pullback that is a reversal pattern, a double bottom bull
ﬂag is a continuation pattern that develops after the bull trend has already begun.
Functionally, it is the same as a double bottom pullback, since both are buy setups.
The same is true for a double top bear ﬂag, which is a continuation pattern in an
ongoing bear trend and not a reversal pattern, like the double top pullback. Both,
however, are short setups. After a strong down move and a pullback, the bear trend
resumes, and then the market pulls back again to about the same level as the ﬁrst
pullback. This trading range is a double top bear ﬂag, and it is a short entry setup.
More often than not, the second pullback will be slightly below the ﬁrst, as would
be expected in a bear trend (each swing high tends to be below the prior one). The
entry is on a stop at one tick below the setup bar.
Sometimes the market forms a trading range in the ﬁrst three to 10 bars or so,
with two or more reversals. If the range is small compared to the average daily
range, a breakout is likely. After the ﬁrst bar, if there is both a reversal up and a
reversal down, some traders will enter a breakout of this small range, looking for a
measured move. Traders could enter on a breakout from the range, but the risk is
smaller if they are able to fade small bars at the top or bottom of the range, or wait
until after the breakout and enter on a failed breakout or a breakout pullback, just
as they would with any trading range.

Figure 19.1
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
379
FIGURE 19.1
Measured Move after Breakout of Small Opening Range
When the opening range is about half the size of the range of recent days, the mar-
ket usually has a breakout of the opening range and an attempt to approximately
double it. Sometimes there are many choices for the opening range. Which one is
right? They all usually are because different traders will make decisions based on
different ones, but on the day shown in Figure 19.1 none led to a precise guide for
proﬁt taking or reversals. Most support levels, like measured move projections, do
not lead to reversals, because the market has inertia and therefore a strong ten-
dency to continue to do what it has been doing. This means that most reversal
attempts fail. However, when the market ﬁnally reverses, it is always at a support
level. If there is a strong reversal setup at a support level, it is more likely to lead to
a proﬁtable trade. By bar 5, the range of the day was still only about half the average
range of recent days, so the odds favored a signiﬁcant increase in the range. With
each new reversal, the opening range expanded, but the sell-off down to bar 6 was
strong, so the breakout was likely to lead to an approximate measured move down.
The day became a trending trading range day and broke back into the upper
range at the end of the day, which is common. Here, the day closed near the top of
the upper range and became a reversal day. Most reversal days begin as trending
trading range days. If traders understand this, they can look to swing part of their
trade off the reversal up from the bottom of the lower range.

380
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.1
Only about 25 percent of reversals in the ﬁrst hour or so result in swings, so it
is better to scalp until there is either a double bottom or top or a clear always-in
setup, where the odds are good for a swing. Today was an ordinary day where the
ﬁrst many setups were only scalps. Bar 3 was a double top with bar 1 and therefore
had about a 50 percent chance of being the high of the day. It was also a breakout
pullback to the moving average. Bar 4 was a double bottom with bar 2 and had a
50 percent chance of being the low of the day. Neither was the high or low of today.
The high or low occurs within the ﬁrst couple of hours in 90 percent of the days, and
it usually comes from some type of double top or bottom. Bar 5 formed a double
top with bar 3, a small wedge top, and a moving average gap bar, and it became the
high of the day.
When retail investors controlled a bigger part of the daily volume, they con-
tributed more to opening gaps and reversals by placing orders before the open,
based on the daily chart. For example, if there was a bull reversal bar, traders would
see that after the close and place orders before the open to buy above the high of
that bar. They were so afraid of missing the buy that they were willing to buy on
the open, even if they bought above the high of the bar. This often resulted in the
market gapping up to ﬁnd enough sellers willing to take the other side of the trade.
Once these overly eager buyers were ﬁlled at the inﬂated price, the market would
trade down to where the institutions thought there was value. They then bought
heavily, reversing the market up to a new high, creating the opening bull reversal.
The small, brief sell-off on the open creates a tail on the bottom of the bull trend
bar on the daily chart, which is common on bull trend days. The opposite happened
after bear days where desperate longs were so eager to exit on the open that they
were willing to sell the ﬁrst trade of the day. The market often had to gap down
to ﬁnd enough buyers. Once their sell orders were ﬁlled, the market traded up to
where institutions felt there was value in selling, and this reversed the market back
down to a new low of the day, often creating a bear trend day.

Figure 19.2
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
381
FIGURE 19.2
The Size of the Opening Range Is Important
As shown in Figure 19.2, the size of the opening range often gives a clue to what
will happen later in the day. The opening range on this 5 minute chart of Freeport-
McMoRan (FCX) was about a quarter of the average daily range of recent days.
After several bars, when traders saw that the range might be small, most would
have ignored the ﬁrst bar and then looked for a spike up and a spike down. As soon
as the market traded below bar 3, it became a spike up (a reversal down). Once the
market traded above bar 4, it became a spike down (a reversal up). At that point,
many traders treated those two spikes as a breakout mode setup and placed buy
stops at one tick above the top spike and sell stops at one tick below the bottom
spike. Once one order is ﬁlled, the other becomes the initial protective stop. If after
entering, the market reverses direction, a trader will often double the size of the
protective stop and plan to reverse the position if the stop is hit.
Traders can often enter before the breakout. Here, for example, there was a
large gap up open (the steep moving average shows this) and a bull trend bar for
the ﬁrst bar, so there was a good chance of a bull trend day. Once bar 4 reversed up
from a one-tick breakout below the bar 2 ii pattern, many traders went long above
the bar 4 double bottom bull ﬂag signal bar (remember, the low of the day often
comes from a double bottom of some type). Others bought as soon as bar 5 went
above the small bear inside bar, and others bought on the breakout above bar 3.
When the opening range is small like this, the pullbacks within that range are
small; and when the day breaks out and trends, the pullbacks often remain small,
as they did here. There is usually a pullback in the ﬁnal couple of hours that is

382
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.2
about twice the size of the earlier pullbacks, and that happened on the sell-off
from bar 14.
Traders often look for two consecutive trend bars in the ﬁrst hour, and when
they are present, many traders conclude that the market has an always-in position.
For example, there were consecutive bull trend bars at bar 2. Since their bodies
were small and the tails were large, most traders needed more veriﬁcation before
concluding that the always-in direction was up. This came with the two bull trend
bars that followed bar 4. At that point, many traders assumed that the always-in
direction was up and they therefore were swinging longs with a stop below the
bottom of the two-bar spike. Bar 5 was a strong bull breakout bar and further evi-
dence that the day was a bull trend day, and the several bull bodies that followed
gave additional evidence. Notice that there were three bear trend bars before bar 4
and each was followed by a bar with a bull body. The bears were unable to create
follow-through selling, which meant that they were weak. The bulls saw each of
those bear trend bars as buying opportunities instead of sell setups, and this was
strong evidence that the market was likely to go up, especially on a day with a
large gap up.

Figure 19.3
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
383
FIGURE 19.3
Breakout Pullbacks on the Open
As shown in Figure 19.3, Google (GOOG) had several breakout pullbacks on the
opens of these four days. Bar 1 was a low 2 short at the steep moving average and
closed the gap below yesterday’s low by 6 cents, setting up a reversal down that
formed the high of the day.
Bar 2 was a moving average pullback after breaking above a swing high from
yesterday. The bull ii pattern was the setup for the long. The bar after the bar 2
bull bar formed a double top with the ﬁrst bar of the day, and this was the high
of the day.
Bar 3 was a reversal up (a failed breakout) from breaking the bull trend line
from the rally into the prior day’s close. Bar 4 was a higher low and an approximate
double bottom with bar 3.
Bar 5 was a high 2 double bottom bull ﬂag (the ﬁrst bottom was two bars ear-
lier) that also was the ﬁrst pullback after the breakout above yesterday’s high. This
could have turned into a trend from the open day.

384
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.4
FIGURE 19.4
Early Failed Breakouts
As shown in Figure 19.4, Apple (AAPL) had several failed breakouts on the open
during these three days, and they led to opening reversals. Bar 1 was a second
entry (low 2) for an opening reversal off a trend channel line overshoot.
Bar 2 was a reversal down from a breakout (a failed breakout) above the trad-
ing range in the ﬁnal hour of the prior day and of the bear trend line (not shown)
going into the close of the prior day. The market then reversed up from the moving
average, forming the bar 3 higher low, which was also a breakout pullback.
Bar 4 was a reversal down from a higher high on a day that was not yet a bull
trend day, and therefore a good short. It also had a wedge shape and was the top of
a channel after the gap spike up on the open.
Bar 6 was a lower high ﬁnal ﬂag reversal down after the bar 5 break below the
bull channel. Traders expected a test of the bar 3 bottom of the channel.
Bar 7 was a high 2 breakout pullback in a day with a large gap up, but the
market reversed back down at the bar 8 higher high and ﬁnal ﬂag breakout. Since
this was not a bull trend day at this point, this was a good short.
Bar 9 was a new low, but it came with strong momentum, making a second leg
down likely. The gap up was a bull spike, and the move from bar 8 to bar 9 was
a bear spike. This was a climactic reversal setup and was followed by a trading
range, as is often the case. During the trading range, both the bulls and the bears

Figure 19.4
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
385
were adding to their positions in an attempt to get follow-through in the form of a
channel. The bears won and the bulls had to sell out of their longs, adding to the
selling pressure.
Bar 10 was a low 2 and a two-legged lower high.
Bar 11 was a second entry into the short based on a failed high 2 after the bar 10
lower high. The bulls made two attempts to reverse the bearish implications of the
lower high and they failed twice. When the market tries to do something twice and
it fails both times, it usually will go in the opposite direction.

386
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.5
FIGURE 19.5
Both a Gap Down and a Gap Up Can Lead to an Opening Rally
As shown in Figure 19.5, bar 4 was a strong bear reversal bar and a moving average
test in a strong bear trend, setting up a breakout pullback short for the breakout
below bar 1. The gap up to the moving average was the pullback.
The move from bar 2 to bar 3 was a spike and channel bear trend, and bar 4 was
a test near the top of the channel. The test is often followed by trading range price
action. Also, the gap up broke above the steep bear trend line of the ﬁnal hour of
yesterday, and bulls were looking for a breakout pullback long setup. When there
are reasonable arguments for both the bulls and the bears, there is uncertainty, and
uncertainty usually means that the market is at the start of a trading range, as it
was here.
Bar 5 was not a reversal bar, but was a breakout pullback from the break above
yesterday’s bear channel, and a high 2 variant (bar 4 was a bear bar, there was then
a bull bar, and then a second small leg formed down to bar 5). This was a possible
higher low after a climactic close, and after a climax (the strong bear into the close
had virtually no pullbacks, and since it was likely not sustainable, it was therefore
climactic) there is often a two-legged countertrend move. The bull trend bar that
followed bar 5 was a two-bar reversal with both bar 5 and the bear bar before
it, and with the move down from bar 4. Remember, a sharp move down followed
by a sharp move up, like that bull trend bar, is a sell climax, which is a two-bar

Figure 19.5
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
387
reversal on a higher time frame chart and a bull reversal bar on an even higher time
frame chart.
Bar 8 was a wedge top and a two-legged move up from the bar 5 higher low.
The day was a trending trading range day, and the rally up from bar 20 tested
the bottom of the earlier upper trading range.
Bar 24 was a double bottom bull ﬂag. The ﬁrst bottom was bar 20 or the inside
signal bar following the bar 18 low. It was also a reversal up from a test of yes-
terday’s low and a failed breakout of the large two-legged bear ﬂag from bar 18 to
bar 23.
Bar 25 was a strong outside up bar in the ﬁrst 30 minutes of the day, so traders
thought that the always-in position might have become long. They wanted any pull-
back to stay above the bar 25 low, and when bar 26 turned up, they thought that the
low of the day could be in.
Bar 26 was a higher low and led to a breakout from an ii setup. The second
bar of the ii pattern had a strong bull close, which increased the chances of a move
up. It was also a failed low 2 in a bear ﬂag, which trapped bears who saw the big
gap down and shorted the second entry (low 2 gap pullback). This was a small ﬁnal
bear ﬂag. It was a second attempt to reverse the attempt to move below yesterday’s
low and a second attempt to reverse back up after gapping below yesterday’s two-
legged bear ﬂag.

388
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.6
FIGURE 19.6
Two-Legged Pullback after Gap Opening
A large gap down often has a two-legged pullback to the moving average and then
a breakout into a bear trend, as seen in Figure 19.6.
Bars 2 and 3 formed a double top bear ﬂag on a big gap down day (the gap was
the ﬂagpole), and a triangle with bar 1 (three tops and a contracting pattern is a
triangle).
Bar 3 was the ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal, and a low 2 short setup. It was
safer to short below the bear bar that followed bar 3 rather than shorting below
the bar 3 bull trend bar, because there was too much risk that the market might
go sideways and then make another attempt to break out above the bars 1 and 2
double top. Shorting below a bear bar at the top of a trading range is more reliable
than shorting below a bull trend bar.
Although most traders think of the opening range as lasting only an hour or
two, the market often begins a trend around 8:30 a.m. PST, as it did here. Whether
the bar 3 double top should be considered to be an opening reversal or just a double
top is irrelevant. What is important is that a trend often begins or reverses around
8:30 a.m.

Figure 19.7
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
389
FIGURE 19.7
Double Bottom and Top Flags
As shown in Figure 19.7, double bottom bull ﬂags and double top bear ﬂags are
common. Bars 3 and 4 formed a large double bottom bull ﬂag after the rally to
bar 2. Bars 6 and 7 formed a double top bear ﬂag after the strong move down
to bar 5.

390
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.8
FIGURE 19.8
Two Failed Attempts and Then a Reversal
When the market tries to break out to the upside twice and fails, it usually will then
try to break out of the bottom. As shown in Figure 19.8, GOOG went sideways in
a small trading range into a 7:00 a.m. PST report and was therefore in breakout
mode. Since there were three tops in a convergent trading range, it was a triangle.
A trader could have entered on a stop below the trading range low, but it was less
risky to short the low 2 below bar 5. This was a low 2 because bars 3 and 5 were
two legs up. Since the day was in a trading range at this point, both a high 2 and
a low 2 could coexist, as they did here. The high 2 long failed and became a low 2
short. Since the trading range was below the moving average, it was a bear ﬂag and
therefore likely to have a downside breakout.
Bar 2 was the second consecutive bear trend bar, and both bars had large bod-
ies and small tails. This led traders to think that the always-in direction was down
and that any pullback would set up a short that was likely good for at least a scalp.
The low 2 short entry below bar 5 was the ﬁrst opportunity, and it is clear from
the large bear entry bar and follow-through bar that most traders believed that the

Figure 19.8
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
391
sell-off was going to extend far enough for a swing, and not just become a scalp and
a reversal up. Bar 5 was a double top with bar 3 and led to a swing short.
It does not matter whether a trader calls the double bottom an opening reversal
or thinks that it occurred too late in the day to be thought of as part of the opening
range. However, the trader needs to be aware that the market often reverses around
8:30 a.m. PST, and be prepared to take the trade.

392
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
Figure 19.9
FIGURE 19.9
Barbwire on the Open
As shown in Figure 19.9, some days open with a ﬂat moving average, big overlap-
ping bars, and just no safe setups (no small bars near the top or bottom where a
fade trade could be placed). This is barbwire and should be traded like all barb-
wire; it requires patience. Wait for one side to be trapped with a trend bar breakout
and then look to fade the breakout. Because breakouts from barbwire usually fail,
barbwire is often a ﬁnal ﬂag. Here, the breakout fell below the low of yesterday.
The market often reverses a breakout of the high or low of the prior day. This ten-
dency increased the odds that the barbwire would become a ﬁnal ﬂag. The pattern
had three pushes up and was sideways. Some traders saw it as a triangle, which is
easier to visualize if you use only the bodies of the bars.
Bar 7 was a reversal up after a breakout of the bottom of the barbwire, but it
followed four bear trend bars. That was enough bear strength for traders to wait
for a second buy signal. Even though some traders saw it as a high 2 where the
high 1 was the high of bar 6, bar 6 was a strong outside down bar, and most traders
considered it to be the start of the down move. It was the bar when traders thought
that the market might be breaking out of a trading range and into a trend, and they
expected at least a second leg down after the outside down bull trap bar. This made
most traders see bar 7 as a high 1 since the down move began at the top of bar 6
and not at the top of bar 5.

Figure 19.9
OPENING PATTERNS AND REVERSALS
393
Bar 7 broke a micro trend line and then bar 9 was a lower low breakout pull-
back buy setup. Its close was above its midpoint, which is the minimum require-
ment for a reversal bar. At this point, the price action was mostly two-sided with
many reversals and prominent tails, so a second-entry long at a new low of the day
did not even need a reversal bar.
The long above bar 9 was a second reversal attempt of the earlier low of the
day and of yesterday’s low. The market then trended up through the other side of
the opening range and gave a high 2 breakout pullback long at bar 12. Bar 12 was
a bull reversal bar at the moving average, which was a strong buy signal at the end
of a bull ﬂag. The market became always-in long for many traders on the strong
bull trend bar that followed bar 9, and other traders became convinced that it was
always-in long on the strong bull trend bar breakout above bar 10 and again on the
bar 11 strong bull trend bar that broke out of a high 2 buy setup.


C H A P T E R 2 0
Gap Openings:
Reversals and
Continuations
A
gap opening on any time frame means that once the bar in question closes,
it does not overlap the bar before it. On most days, there are gap openings
on the 5 minute chart. They can be thought of as simple breakouts since the
market broke out of the ﬁnal bar of the prior day. They should be traded like any
other breakout except traders know that large gaps increase the chance that the
day will become a trend day. The larger the gap, the more likely the day will be a
trend day and the more likely the gap will function as a spike and be followed by
a trending channel in the same direction. For example, a large gap up has perhaps
a 50 percent chance of being followed by a bull channel, a 20 percent chance of
being followed by a trading range, and a 30 percent chance of being followed by a
bear trend. These probabilities are only guidelines because using computer testing
to ﬁnd exact numbers is subject to too many variables. How big does a gap have
to be to be thought of as large? How much of a rally after the gap up constitutes a
channel instead of just a slightly upward-sloping trading range? How much of a sell-
off constitutes a reversal compared to just a deep pullback? As another guideline,
if the gap is the largest gap of the past ﬁve days or so, or if it is larger than about
half of the average daily range, it can be considered to be a large gap.
A large gap opening on the 5 minute chart from yesterday’s close represents
extreme behavior and often results in a trend day in either direction. It does not
matter whether there is also a gap on the daily chart, since the trading will be the
same. The only thing that matters is how the market responds to this relatively
extreme behavior—will it accept it or reject it? The larger a gap is, the more likely
it will be the start of a trend day away from yesterday’s close. The size, direction,
and number of trend bars in the ﬁrst few bars of the day often reveal the direction
395

396
THE FIRST HOUR (THE OPENING RANGE)
of the trend day that is likely to follow. Sometimes the market will trend from the
opening bar or two, but more commonly it will test in the wrong direction and then
reverse into a trend that will last all day. Whenever you see a large gap opening, it
is wise to assume that there will be a strong trend. However, sometimes it might
take an hour to begin, and the trend often begins with a two-legged countertrend
move, like a two-legged pullback to the moving average or a double bottom or top.
Sometimes it has a third push and forms a wedge ﬂag. Make sure to swing part of
every trade, even if you get stopped out of your swing portion on a few trades. One
good swing trade can be as proﬁtable as 10 scalps, so don’t give up until it is clear
that the day will not trend.
The gap should be looked at as if it is one huge, invisible trend bar. For example,
if there is a large gap up and it is followed by a minor pullback and then a channel
type of rally for the rest of the day, this is likely a gap spike and channel bull trend,
with the gap being the spike. For the Emini, you can look at the S&P cash index
and see that the ﬁrst bar of the day is a large trend bar, and it corresponds to the
gap on the Emini.
Trade the open like any other open and look for a trend from the open, a failed
breakout (a reversal), or a breakout pullback. The only difference from other days
is that you should look to swing more aggressively; and if the day begins to trend,
look for pullbacks where you can add onto your position. You should always look
to take partial proﬁts along the way, which can be scalps, but as long as the trend
is strong, keep looking to take more entries in the direction of the trend.
Just because there is an increased chance of a trend day does not mean that
there will be a trend day. Most big gap days have some trading range behavior for
the ﬁrst ﬁve to 10 bars as the bulls and bears ﬁght over the direction of the trend,
and some continue as trading range days all day long. Be open to all possibilities,
and don’t get locked into a belief. Your job is to follow the market. You have no
ability to inﬂuence it and certainly zero chance of telepathically making it go in the
direction that you want. If you are wrong, get out and stop hoping that the market
will do the low-probability thing and suddenly go your way. If there is a big gap but
the price action is unclear, assume that the market is forming a trading range and
look to buy low and sell high. There might be several scalps before there is a setup
that has a good chance of leading to a swing.

Figure 20.1
GAP OPENINGS: REVERSALS AND CONTINUATIONS
397
TradeStation Chart Analysis - $INDU 5 min [US] Dow Jones Industrial Average
$INDU - 5 min US  L=12268.19  -5.07  -0.04%  MAX 20 (20)  12267.17
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ YM.D 5 min [CBOT] Mini-sized Dow Future ($...
@YM.D - 5 min CBOT  L=12225  -16  -0.13%  MAX 20 (20)  12236
11775
11785
11795
11805
11815
11825
11835
11845
11855
11865
11875
11885
11895
11905
11915
11925
11935
11945
11955
11965
11975
11825
11835
11845
11855
11865
11875
11885
11895
11905
11915
11925
11935
11945
11955
11965
11975
11985
11995
12005
12015
12025
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
Feb
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
13:00
12:30
Feb
7:00
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 20.1
A Gap Is Just a Spike
As shown in Figure 20.1, a gap opening on a 5 minute chart is just another form of
a breakout and a spike. The Dow Futures contract gapped up on the open on the
chart on the right, but that gap on the Dow Jones Industrial Average cash index on
the left was just a large bull trend bar.

TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous C...
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous C...
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1308.75  -0.25  -0.02%  MAX 20 (20)  1335.34
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1308.75  -0.25  -0.02%  MAX 20 (20)  1301.79
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous C...
TradeStation Chart Analysis - @ES.D 5 min [CME] E-mini S&P 500 Continuous C...
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1308.75  -0.25  -0.02%  MAX 20 (20)  1345.99
@ES.D - 5 min CME  L=1308.75  -0.25  -0.02%  MAX 20 (20)  1304.16
1293
1295
1297
1299
1301
1303
1305
1307
1298
1302
1306
1310
1314
1318
1322
1326
1330
1334
1286
1294
1302
1310
1318
1326
1334
1
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18 19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
2
3
1302
1310
1318
1326
1334
1342
1350
11:00
11:30
7:00
4/15
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
7:00
Apr
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
11:30
12:00
12:30
7:00
4/11
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
11:00
7:00
1/31
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
9:30
10:00
10:30
Created with TradeStation
FIGURE 20.2
A Gap Can Lead to a Trend Up or Down
398

Figure 20.2
GAP OPENINGS: REVERSALS AND CONTINUATIONS
399
A big gap opening increases the odds that the day will be a trend day (the trend
can be up or down), but it still can become a trading range day. As shown in the
lower right-hand chart in Figure 20.2, the sideways move from bar 18 to bar 22 is an
example of several hours of sideways movement after a large gap.
The larger the gap, the more likely the day will be a trend day in the direction
of the gap. For example, bar 1 in the upper left-hand chart was a large gap up and
the day became a bull trend day.
The two charts on the left show large gap up openings; the upper became a
bull trend and the lower became a bear trend. The two charts on the right were gap
down openings; the upper chart became a bull trend and the lower chart became a
bear trend.
Bar 1 was bull trend bar on a large gap up day. The day became a trend from
the open, gap spike and channel bull trend.
Bar 4 was a doji, but it had a bull body. The market trended down for a couple
of hours. The price action down to the bar 7 low of the day had prominent tails,
overlapping bars, and several bull trend bars, all indicating two-sided price action.
The bulls were able to consistently create some buying pressure and controlled the
market in the second half of the day.
Bar 10 was a bull trend bar on a large gap down day, and the day became a
trend from the open bull trend day.
Bar 18 was a doji bar on a large gap down day. The market continued the
sideways price action until the market broke to the downside on the bar 23 bear
spike. The opening doji was a sign of two-sided trading, which continued for sev-
eral hours. After the bear spike, the day became a bear trend day, and the shorts
overwhelmed the longs on moving average tests at bars 24, 25, and 26. Although the
shorts were strong at the bars 21 and 22 moving average tests, they were not yet
strong enough to break the market out of the trading range and into a bear trend.
When there is a large gap up or down and no strong reversal, the trader’s equa-
tion can be strong for the with-trend traders. For example, when the market had the
large gap up at bar 1 and it then went sideways, the odds of a bull trend day went up,
maybe to 60 percent or higher. Traders expected the range to reach about average
for recent days, which was about 20 points. The odds of the market going 20 points
higher before closing the gap were probably 60 percent or better, and therefore
traders who bought during those ﬁrst several bars were risking about 10 points to
make about 15 to 20 points, and they had a 60 percent chance of success, which is
a great trade. They probably could have risked to a move below the middle of the
gap, so their risk might have been six points instead of 10. In any case, this excellent
math is why large gap openings can offer great trades.


P A R T IV
Putting It
All Together
P
rice action is simply a manifestation of human nature and therefore is genet-
ically based. It does not matter what market, time frame, or type of chart
a trader studies, because they all are a representation of the behavior of
our species. This Part IV gives detailed examples of price action trading on mul-
tiple time frames and in different markets, including the options market. It also
discusses the best trades that traders should try to trade, especially beginners who
are starting out and not yet proﬁtable. Finally, it provides general guidelines that
traders should consider as they decide which trades to take and how to manage
their trades.
401


C H A P T E R 2 1
Detailed Day
Trading Examples
T
his chapter provides many detailed examples of reasonable day trades
that incorporate the fundamental ideas from all three books.
403

404
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 21.1
FIGURE 21.1
T-Note 10,000-Share Chart
Figure 21.1 is a 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures chart based on 10,000 shares
per bar. Each bar closed as soon as the volume in the bar passed 10,000 contracts.
Since the ﬁnal trade in each bar can have any number of contracts, most of the bars
have more than 10,000 contracts instead of exactly 10,000 contracts. The bars are
not based on time, so some bars might take a few seconds to form, while others
may take more than 10 minutes to surpass 10,000 contracts.
Bars 3, 4, and 5 were shorts on tests of the moving average in a bear trend.
Bar 6 was a second-entry bear trend channel line overshoot and reversal up,
but the signal bar was weak (a small doji). However, the rally from the bar 6 wedge
reversal broke the trend line, setting up a long on a test of the low.
Bar 7 was a two-legged higher low, but it was a doji, which is a sign of two-
sided trading and not of strong buying, and it followed two strong bear trend bars.
Although this was a minimally acceptable buy setup, it would have been better to
wait for a stronger signal. If you took it, you would have exited below bar 8 because
that was a low 2 short setup at the moving average and it had a bear body. That is
a strong sell signal, and countertrend traders should have exited and possibly even
reversed on any second attempt by the bears to resume the trend. Countertrend
traders trying to buy in a bear trend should always exit on a low 2 signal, unless the
trend has clearly already reversed and the low 2 setup is likely to fail. Bar 11 is an
example of this.

Figure 21.1
DETAILED DAY TRADING EXAMPLES
405
Bar 9 was a lower low major trend reversal and breakout pullback from the
breakout of the wedge bottom that ended at bar 6, and a buy setup for a possible
strong trend reversal. It was also a bear trend channel overshoot and reversal, and
it was a bull reversal bar and a two-bar reversal. The trading range from bar 6 to
bar 9 was a tight channel and became the ﬁnal ﬂag of the bear trend. Also, it was
a reversal from a larger wedge channel following the spike down to bar 2. The
channel of a spike and channel bear often ends with three pushes and it did here
(bars 2, 6, and 9).
Bar 10 was a breakout above an inside bar that ended the ﬁrst tiny pullback
(bear trend bar), so traders could have gone long above it or added to their longs
from above bar 9. After the spike and channel bear (bar 2 ended the spike) and the
three pushes down (bars 2, 6, and 9 ended them), it was likely that a protracted two-
legged up move would develop, so the bar 10 pause was likely to just be part of the
ﬁrst leg up and not the start of the second leg up. After a bear channel that lasted 20
or 30 bars, the correction was likely to have at least half as many bars as a general
rule. If the correction is too small, bears will be hesitant to short and bulls would
continue to buy because they would suspect that the correction needed more bars
for clarity. Both needed to see if the market was reversing, and the four-bar bull
spike up from bar 10 was strong evidence that it was. The bear spike and channel
formation was likely to retrace to around the bar 3 start of the channel, which it
did. Longs often take proﬁts there. This is the area where some started to scale in,
and once the market gets back to their very ﬁrst entry, they often exit their entire
position. They got out of their original longs that they established between bars 2
and 3 at about breakeven, and they made a proﬁt on all of their lower entries. Bears
often short aggressively again because they know that the market started down
from this area earlier in the day, and it could do the same again. The day was over
and there was not enough time left for the bears to make a proﬁt, so they therefore
chose to not short into the close.
Bar 11 was a high 2 buy setup (the high 1 was two bars earlier) after a strong
bull spike. Traders were expecting at least two legs up, and this two-legged pullback
was so small compared to the size of the spike that it might not have signiﬁed the
end of the ﬁrst leg up. Traders believed that one of three things was happening:
the pullback was so small that it was just part of a complex ﬁrst leg; the ﬁrst leg
was over and the second leg up was beginning; or the ﬁrst leg was over and there
would be a deeper pullback and then a move above the top of this leg. All three
possibilities meant that the market was going higher and this was therefore a great
buying opportunity. Yes, bar 11 was an entry bar from a two-bar reversal top, which
was the second entry for a moving average gap bar short in a bear trend. This might
have led to a test of the bear low. However, the spike up ﬂipped the market to
always-in long in the minds of most traders, so the chance of the short going very
far was small. Most traders saw the reversal as much stronger than the short setup.

406
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 21.2
FIGURE 21.2
Strong Open in the EUR/USD
As shown in Figure 21.2, the 5 minute EUR/USD (forex) reversed down at bar 2
after a new high. This bull leg had strong momentum, as evidenced by eight bars
in a row without a bear trend bar, so the odds were high that any pullback would
test the bar 2 high before it fell below the bar 1 bottom of the bull spike. Bar 3 was
a moving average gap bar that also was a breakout test of the bar 1 beginning of
the rally. It and the two bars before it formed a micro wedge, which should have
led to at least a bounce up. It was also a wedge bull ﬂag after the strong bull spike.
The ﬁrst leg down was three bars before bar 2, the second push down was two bars
after bar 2, and the third was bar 3.
The market formed a triangle, which ended up as a tight trading range. Tri-
angles have at least three pushes in one direction, and bars 2, 4, and either 6 or
8 formed three pushes up, while bar 1 or 3 along with bars 5 and 7 formed three
pushes down. When there are multiple possibilities, some traders will place more
importance on one whereas other traders will feel more strongly about others.
Whenever there is confusion, the market is in a trading range and therefore in
breakout mode, and most traders should wait for the breakout instead of trading
within a tight trading range.
Bar 8 was a failed upside breakout attempt (one tick below the bar 4 high) that
reversed through the bottom of the range in a bear outside bar. It formed a double
top bear ﬂag with bar 4 or bar 6.

Figure 21.2
DETAILED DAY TRADING EXAMPLES
407
Bar 9 was a breakout pullback small bar above the middle of the outside bar,
offering a low-risk short.
Bar 10 was another breakout pullback short.
Bar 11 was a low 2 short at the moving average with a bear signal bar and a
second attempt to break out below the bar 3 spike low.
Bar 12 was another low 2 short at the moving average. Always keep placing
your orders. A bear might become complacent because of the bull doji higher low,
but you still need to be thinking that the market is in a bear swing, and if it falls
below this bar, it will form a low 2 short.
Bar 13 was an ii setup for a long after a trend channel line overshoot and sell
climax bar. This was a parabolic wedge bottom, which means that the move ac-
celerated down to the ﬁnal low and then reversed up. There were three pushes
down from bar 10, and the slope of the trend line from the ﬁrst two pushes (the
swing lows after bars 10 and 11) was ﬂatter than that of the trend line created
by the second and third pushes (the swing low after bar 11 and the ﬁnal low just
before bar 13).
The market had been trending down for about 20 bars and suddenly had the
largest bear trend bar (two bars before bar 13) and largest two-bar bear spike of
the bear trend. This spike had a good chance of representing exhaustion, and it
might have been the last weak bulls exiting and the last weak bears shorting. The
strong bulls were buying in here and would scale in lower instead of panicking out,
and the strong bears would have shorted only after a big pullback. This created
a good chance of at least a two-legged rally lasting at least 10 bars. The strong
bull inside bar was a sign that the buyers were taking control, and it was a good
signal bar.
Bar 15 was three pushes up and the ﬁrst moving average gap bar. The two-bar
bull spike from bar 13 was the spike up. Spike and wedge patterns usually have two
more pushes up before a correction down, as this one did.
Bar 16 was an ii setup for a higher low long, since traders were expecting at
least two legs up from the trend channel overshoot and reversal off the bar 13 low
entry. It formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with the bar 14 bottom of the wedge
channel up to bar 15. The large bear trend bar trapped bears into shorts and trapped
weak bulls out of longs.

408
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 21.3
FIGURE 21.3
Soybeans Buy Climax on the Open
As shown in Figure 21.3, the 5 minute chart of soybeans had a buy climax on the
open and then a small ﬁnal ﬂag, and later a wedge bear ﬂag and a large second
leg down.
Bar 2 was a doji trading range after the bar 1 spike up and therefore a bad buy
setup. There was too much risk of more sideways to down price action. Aggressive
traders placed limit orders to short at the high of the prior bar and were ﬁlled on
bar 3, expecting the high 1 to fail. Bar 3 was a low 2 short, a lower high, and a ﬁnal
ﬂag short. Traders were looking for more of a correction after the bar 1 buy climax
and a possible opening reversal and high of the day.
Bar 4 overshot a bear trend channel line and reversed up from a double bottom
with the ﬁrst bar of the day. This could have been the low of the day. The entry was
above the bar 6 ii bar, which had a bull close and a close above the moving average.
Bar 9 was a lower high wedge bear ﬂag and a double top bear ﬂag with bar 3.
It was a four-legged move up from the bar 4 low, making it a low 4 variation. The
market could have been forming a large two-legged move down from bar 1, and
traders would have shorted below bar 9 or below the bear bar after it. You can
see how the bar after that was a large bear trend bar, indicating that many traders
shorted below the bear bar after bar 9.

Figure 21.3
DETAILED DAY TRADING EXAMPLES
409
Bar 10 was a breakout pullback from the trend line breakout.
Bar 11 was a huge bull reversal bar following a new low on the day and was
a two-bar reversal. However, bar 12 could not trade above it. This made bar 12 a
great short signal bar because the trapped longs who entered early in bar 11 would
have exited below the bar 12 bear trend bar. It was also a breakout pullback short
setup. Bar 13 was a breakout pullback short entry.

410
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 21.4
FIGURE 21.4
Crude Oil Wedge Top
As shown in Figure 21.4, the 5 minute chart of crude oil had a wedge top and then
a lower high. Bar 1 was a high 1 breakout pullback from the breakout of the ear-
lier trading range. It was a two-bar reversal and the ﬁrst pullback after a strong
two-bar bull spike, which broke out of a trading range and turned the market into
always-in long.
Bar 3 was a good high 2 long above the bull trend bar, despite the barbwire and
the second buy climax, because the top at bar 2 was not strong enough to indicate
that the bears were in control.
Bar 5 was a wedge top and the top of the channel that followed the bar 2 bull
spike. The two-sided trading since bar 2 continued with prominent tails, overlap-
ping bars, pullbacks, and bear bodies, so the odds of a test of the bar 3 channel
low were good.
The move down to bar 6 broke the trend line and broke slightly below the bar 3
higher low of the bull trend, indicating strong bears.
Bar 7 was a two-legged breakout test of the bar 5 signal bar low, a lower high
after a break below the bull trend line and therefore a possible major trend reversal,
a two-bar reversal short setup, a sharp rejection of the poke above the moving
average, and a wedge bear ﬂag. The ﬁrst push up in the wedge bear ﬂag lower high
was the small bull bar that formed four bars before bar 6, and the second push up
was the bar after bar 6.

Figure 21.5
DETAILED DAY TRADING EXAMPLES
411
FIGURE 21.5
Scalps on a 1 Minute Chart
Figure 21.5 is a 1 minute chart showing many price action scalps in the ﬁrst
90 minutes. The next chart is a close-up of this area. It is virtually impossible for
most traders to read a chart correctly fast enough to catch most of these trades, but
the chart illustrates that price action analysis works even on the 1 minute level.

412
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 21.6
FIGURE 21.6
Scalps on the Open on a 1 Minute Chart
Figure 21.6 is a close-up of the 1 minute Emini’s ﬁrst 90 minutes, highlighting price
action scalp setups. The numbering is the same as on the prior chart.
Bar 1 was a high 2 long (there were two pushes down).
Bar 2 was a wedge short and a ﬁnal ﬂag.
Bar 3 was a breakout pullback short and a low 1 after a bear spike.
Bar 4 was a breakout test short, a lower high, and a low 2 where bar 3 was the
low 1.
Bar 5 was a lower high and a low 2 short below the moving average.
Bar 6 was a wedge long, a two-bar reversal, and an expanding triangle bottom.
Bar 7 was a failed trend line breakout short and a double top bear ﬂag with
bar 5.
Bar 8 was a two-legged lower low after the bar 7 break of a trend line, and a
lower low on a trading range day.
Bar 10 was a wedge reversal second entry and a higher low. The higher low
might have meant that a bull trend was forming.
Bar 11 was the ﬁrst pullback after a trend line break. It was a high 2 long where
the high 1 was three bars earlier.
Bar 12 was another bull high 2.
Bar 13 was a wedge short, a ﬁnal ﬂag, and a possible double top bear ﬂag (with
bar 4).

Figure 21.6
DETAILED DAY TRADING EXAMPLES
413
Bar 14 was a failed bull trend line break, a failed break below the trading range,
a double bottom bull ﬂag, and a possible start of a second leg up.
Bar 15 was a high 2. There was a bull ﬂag breakout pullback entry two bars
earlier.
Bar 16 was a high 2 in a bull trend.
Bar 17 was a wedge and a failed test of the high of the day (a double top), and
therefore a possible lower high.
Bar 19 was a bear low 2 at the moving average, a wedge bear ﬂag, a ﬁve-tick
failure for traders who bought bar 18, and the ﬁrst pullback after a bear spike that
ﬂipped the market to always-in short.
Bar 20 was two pushes to a new low of the day (bar 18 was the ﬁrst) in a trading
range day (even though there was a strong bear leg from the bar 17 high, it was not
a bear day at this point). It was also a reversal up after a one-tick new low of the
day (a one-tick failed breakout and a double bottom). It was also a wedge and a
two-bar reversal up after a breakout of a two-bar ﬁnal ﬂag.
Bar 21 was a second leg up, a wedge bear ﬂag (the ii pattern before bar 20 was
the ﬁrst push up), and a possible double top bear ﬂag (with bar 19).
Bar 22 was a two-legged pullback to a higher low after a trend line break (bars
17 to 19) and a double bottom (bars 10 and 20) pullback long.
Bar 23 was a failed trend line break and a double bottom (bar 23 was one tick
higher than bar 22) bull ﬂag.


C H A P T E R 2 2
Daily, Weekly,
and Monthly
Charts
A
lthough daily, weekly, and monthly charts can generate intraday signals, they
occur so infrequently that they become a distraction for a day trader and
should be ignored. The most common signals are those based on yesterday’s
high and low, and you can see them on a 5 minute chart. However, there are fre-
quently price action entries on these longer time frames, but because the signal bars
are so large, far fewer contracts can be traded if the risk is to be the same as for
a day trade. Also, overnight risk may mean that you should reduce your contracts
even further or consider trading option strategies that have a limited risk, like out-
right purchases or spreads. A day trader should trade these charts only if they do
not occupy his thoughts during the trading day, because it is easy to miss a few day
trades using large volume while nursing a trade of far fewer contracts or shares
based on the daily chart, and these misses can more than offset any gain from the
daily signal.
Although all stocks form standard price action patterns, stocks of very small
companies that have little institutional ownership have a signiﬁcant risk of unusu-
ally big moves up and down. They tend to be more volatile, and in stock market
terminology, these stocks are called high-beta stocks. For example, you would not
expect Wal-Mart (WMT) to jump 1,000 percent in a month, but when a small drug
company gets its one drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
or is suddenly a takeover candidate, this is exactly what can happen. Some traders
like the huge, fast moves, but most traders prefer to avoid the risk of sudden, huge
moves in both directions and bad ﬁlls on their trades. Traders who trade these spe-
cial situations have to watch the stocks very closely, which makes it difﬁcult for
them to trade other stocks at the same time. Since the risk is so great, they can only
415

416
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
trade a small portion of their portfolio this way and this erases most of the gain
derived from the big moves. When you add the stress of the unpredictability, most
traders should not bother with these stocks.
When trading counter to a strong trend, the goal should be a scalp of 1 or
2 percent, since most countertrend trades just result in pullbacks that become with-
trend entries. Gaps complicate the entries and, in general, the risk is less if the mar-
ket opens within yesterday’s range and then trades through the entry stop at one
tick beyond that range. If you cannot watch the stock intraday and there is a gap
open, it is probably best to pass on the trade. If you can watch the stock and there
is a gap opening, watch for a gap pullback and then enter on the failed pullback
into the gap, as the market resumes its move away from yesterday’s range. In other
words, if you were looking to buy but today gapped up, look for a sell-off on the
open today and then buy an opening reversal back up, placing your protective stop
below the low of today. If the entry fails and your stop is hit, look elsewhere or give
it only one more try if there is a second buy setup. Don’t spend too much time on
a stock that is not doing what you wanted it to do, because you will lose money.
There is a natural tendency to want to make back your money on the same stock
after a loss, but this is a sign of your emotional weakness. If you feel a need to prove
that you were right and are in fact a great chart reader, you might be right about
that, but you are not a great trader. Great traders accept their losses and move on.
Pullbacks on daily charts rarely have classic reversal bars, leaving traders with
more uncertainty than when trading 5 minute charts. Uncertainty means risk, and
when there is more risk, position sizes need to be smaller, and a trader will have
to consider taking a partial position and adding to the position as the price action
unfolds. In a bull pullback, additions can be made at a lower price if the market sells
off a little more, but the bears have not yet demonstrated that they are in control.
Additions can also be made at a higher price after the trend has resumed and a
small pullback forms a higher low above your original entry.
When you scan your daily charts at the end of the day, you will frequently see
setups to consider for the next day. Once the setup triggers, there will often be an
intraday trend that will provide you with many good 5 minute with-trend entries.
If the stock is not one that you normally trade intraday but its volume is about
ﬁve million shares or more, it is worth considering adding it to your basket of day
trading stocks for a day or two. Sometimes, however, even with very liquid stocks
such as the Oil Service HOLDRS (OIH), your broker might not have an inventory
available for selling short, and you might only be able to trade buy setups. If you
really want to short, you can buy puts instead, even for a day trade.
Since round numbers are magnets, they can set up trades. For example, if
Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) is up 20 percent over the past few months and is now
trading at 93, many traders will assume that it will reach 100. Because of this,
bears will not short aggressively, because they believe that they soon will be able

DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
417
to short at a better price, and bulls will buy aggressively because they believe that
FCX will go above the magnet. This absence of bears creates a vacuum effect that
often results in the stock quickly moving up to the magnet. It will typically go 5 to
10 percent above the magnet before it pulls back, and it usually pulls back below
the round number at least once before it decides what it will do next. Bulls can buy
as it rallies into the magnetic ﬁeld of the round number and take proﬁts just above
it, and bears can wait to short until the market is above and then take proﬁts on the
test back down. Bulls will usually buy again there for a scalp.

418
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 22.1
FIGURE 22.1
Price Action Has Not Changed over Time
Price action is the cumulative result of a large number of traders acting indepen-
dently for countless reasons to make as much money as they can. Because of that,
its ﬁngerprint has remained unchanged and will always provide a reliable tool for
making money for those who can read it. Figure 22.1 is a daily chart of the Dow
Jones Industrial Average in 1932 and 1933, and it looks like any stock trading today
on any time frame.
Bar 2 was a low 2 that broke a trend line.
Bar 3 was a small ﬁnal ﬂag reversal and a lower low test of the bar 1 low after a
trend line break (a trend line break and then a test can be a major trend reversal).
Bar 4 was a breakout pullback and a small higher low.
Bar 5 was the ﬁrst pullback in a strong bull spike and a high 2.
Bar 6 was a wedge channel after the bull spike and led to two large legs down,
ending at bar 8.
Bar 7 was a trend line break and a two-legged pullback. It was the breakout of
a large wedge bull ﬂag that had its ﬁrst push down at bar 5.
Bar 8 was a lower low major trend reversal and breakout pullback, a larger
wedge bull ﬂag, and a breakout test of bar 2.
Bar 10 was a higher low and a pullback from the bar 9 breakout above the bear
channel from bar 7 to bar 8. A bear channel is a bull ﬂag.

Figure 22.1
DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
419
Bar 11 was a small high 2 breakout pullback after the breakout above the failed
bars 7 and 9 double top bear ﬂag.
Bars 12 and 13 were reversals up after minor trend line breaks.
Bar 14 was a wedge and a small ﬁnal ﬂag reversal.
Bar 15 was a strong-momentum countertrend move that would likely be tested
after a rally tested the bar 14 high. It formed a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 13,
but it was strong enough down so that the market might have ﬂipped to always-in
short. Traders would have looked to short a lower high and would not have looked
to buy here if the long would have made it more difﬁcult for them to get short on the
lower high. Sometimes when traders scalp a long when they are looking to short a
lower high, they cannot change their mind-set to short as the short is setting up.
Bar 16 was a wedge lower high, and bar 17 was a failed breakout of the wedge.
Bar 18 was the lower high test of the bar 14 bull trend extreme and was a
low 2 entry for a short on the wedge higher high breakout pullback. There was a
failed breakout below the wedge, and the rally to bar 18 was a higher high break-
out pullback from the wedge. Other traders saw it as simply a better wedge than
the one that ended at bar 16. Bar 18 was also a breakout test of the bar 14 signal
bar low.
Bar 19 was the test of the bar 15 low and was a double bottom bull ﬂag.
Bar 20 was a higher low pullback in the reversal up.

420
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 22.2
FIGURE 22.2
Gap Pullbacks
As shown in Figure 22.2, when there is a buy setup on the daily chart and the mar-
ket gaps above yesterday’s high, traders will often wait to buy a pullback on the
5 minute chart. AAPL was in a strong bull trend on the daily chart (thumbnail) and
had a ﬁrst moving average pullback at bar 1, which was a bear trend channel over-
shoot (the numbering is the same on both charts). Bar 2 on the daily chart had a
strong intraday reversal up and closed near its high. It was reasonable to want to
buy at one tick above the high of bar 2 on the daily chart, which was the high of
bar 3 on the 5 minute chart. However, the next day gapped above the day 2 high.
Rather than risk a possible reversal down day, it would have been prudent to watch
for a reversal up after a pullback test of the gap on the 5 minute chart.
Bar 6 on the 5 minute chart closed the gap and was a moving average gap bar
and a bear trend channel overshoot and reversal up. This was a great long entry
with a protective stop below bar 6. This 62 cent risk led to a several-dollar gain.

Figure 22.3
DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
421
FIGURE 22.3
The Weekly SPY
As shown in Figure 22.3, the weekly chart of the SPY looks like it is in a bear rally
because the move up from bar 16 to bar 32 has a shallower slope than the sell-off
down to bar 16. Also, the market is not holding above the resistance created by
the lows of bars 6, 8, and 10 at the bottom of the upper trading range. However, the
rally has retraced so much of the bear trend down to bar 16 that the bear trend does
not have much inﬂuence left, and the market has therefore become a large trading
range. If it is a bear rally, then it should eventually test the bar 16 low. The bulls
want the market to continue to go above the swing highs in the bear trend down
from bar 3 and eventually to break out to a new all-time high. The bears want the
market to fail in an expanding triangle formed by bars 21, 22, 23, 27, and 32, and
then break below the bar 27 bottom of the triangle and subsequently to a new bear
low below bar 16. Since the rally has been so big, the chart has become more of a
large trading range and it has lost the certainty that comes from a trend. Uncertainty
is the hallmark of a trading range; once a market appears uncertain, it is usually in
a trading range, as is the case here.
On the move down from bar 3, the market began forming lower highs at bars 5,
9, and 11 and lower lows at bars 6, 8, 10, and 12. Since there was yet to be a strong
bear breakout, the odds favored this sell-off as being a test of the bottom of the
trading range or a possible large bull ﬂag. Some traders believed that the bear spike

422
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 22.3
down to bar 6 might have turned the market to always-in short, but the bear spike
down to bar 13 ﬂipped the always-in position to short for any traders who were still
in doubt.
Bar 14 was the third bar of a second sell climax and an attempt at a two-bar
reversal from a ﬁnal ﬂag, but the market fell once again in a spike and climax bear
down from bar 15. This was the third sell climax and a wedge bottom (bars 13, 14,
and 16). The bottom was just past the measured move target based on the height of
the upper trading range.
The move up to bar 17 had 12 bull bodies, small tails, and only a couple of bull
bodies and was strong enough to be considered a spike by most traders. After the
three sell climaxes at the bar 16 low and this spike up, traders thought that there
should be at least a second leg up and possibly a measured move up based on the
bar 16 low and the top of the bar 15 or bar 17 high.
Bar 23 was just slightly above the measured move target and the top of the
trend channel line, and it was a two-bar reversal down in the area of the bars 6, 8,
and 10 bottom of the upper trading range. The ﬁrst target was a break below the
channel, which occurred at bar 24. A second leg down ended at the bar 27 two-bar
reversal. Bar 29 formed a higher low breakout pullback after the bar 28 breakout of
the two-legged bull ﬂag down from bar 23. It was also the right shoulder of a head
and shoulders bottom bull ﬂag where the left shoulder formed between bar 24 and
bar 25. The trading range between bar 21 and bar 28 was also a head and shoulders
top, where bar 21 was the left shoulder, bar 23 was the head, and the bars 26 and
28 double top was the right shoulder. As happens in 80 percent of topping patterns,
the market broke to the upside and the bears learned once again that most tops are
just bull ﬂags.
The move from bar 29 to bar 32 was in a fairly tight bull channel and could
easily be followed by higher prices. However, since the entire chart is a large trading
range, big rallies are usually followed by big sell-offs, and the market might soon
begin to correct down to the bar 27 bottom of the expanding triangle, or even to the
area of the bar 16 bear low.
Bar 16 was a measured move down. Most institutions take trades that they
believe will work, which means that the probability is at least 60 percent. They
therefore need at least a measured move to have a positive trader’s equation (the
measured move is where the reward becomes as large as the risk, and the trader’s
equation begins to become reasonably proﬁtable). The result is that trades often
hit a target exactly and then reverse or at least pause, because many ﬁrms will take
partial or full proﬁts there. Most targets, like all support and resistance, soon fail,
because the measured move is the minimum needed, and many ﬁrms will feel that
the market is strong enough to go well beyond.

Figure 22.4
DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
423
FIGURE 22.4
Monthly Gold Wedge Channel
As shown in Figure 22.4, the monthly gold chart is in a wedge channel after the bull
spike from bar 7 to bar 8. Some traders will see the current move as the third push
up where bars 11 and 13 were the ﬁrst two pushes. Others see bar 8 or 9 as the
ﬁrst push.
Whenever ﬁve to 10 bars are close to a trend line, the odds are good that the
market will soon fall below the trend line. This makes the bull trend line up from
bar 10 vulnerable to a downside breakout. Since the market is just above the trend
channel line and the measured move target, the odds favor a two-legged sell-off
starting very soon. At a minimum, the market should correct to just below the bar 8
high, and it might correct to the bar 10 bottom of the wedge. Less likely, there will
be an upside breakout of the wedge top and a measured move up.

424
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 22.5
FIGURE 22.5
Monthly Dollar Index Futures
As shown in Figure 22.5, the monthly dollar futures had several trades that qualify
as best trades. The dollar, along with the Swiss franc and Japanese yen, are risk-off
currencies, and traders tend to buy them when they think that the stock market
will fall.
The dollar had a bull spike up as it broke above the top of the bear ﬂag at bar 2,
converting the market to always-in long. It then formed a channel, followed by the
bar 5 test of the bottom of the bar 3 start of the channel. This created a double
bottom bull ﬂag at bar 5 and was followed by a breakout pullback buy setup at bar 7.
The market topped out at the bar 11 higher high. Some traders saw the move from
bar 3 to bar 11 as a broad channel, and others saw the channel as starting at bars 5
or 7. All traders suspected that bar 11 or bar 13 could be the start of the correction
down to the bottom of the channel, because the market was becoming two-sided
with several reversals and prominent bear bodies. These represented accumulating
selling pressure.
The move down to bar 10 was a strong bear trend bar, and it broke below a
steep bull trend line up from bar 7 (not shown). This was a strong enough move to
make many bulls take proﬁts on the rally to the new high at bar 11. Bears started
shorting at that higher high and even more aggressively at the bar 13 lower high
major trend reversal. The move down to bar 12 had two strong bear trend bars and

Figure 22.5
DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
425
broke below the bull trend line. The market should have had at least two legs down,
but instead it had a bear spike down to bar 14 and then a channel down to bar 18.
The move down to bar 14 convinced most traders that the market had ﬂipped to
always-in short and therefore should be followed by more selling.
The bear channel continued down to bar 18, which was the ﬁfth bar in a sell
climax at the end of a big bear trend. Traders expected a rally, at least to the moving
average. It was also a double bottom with bar 1.
There was a 20 gap bar short at the moving average, but since the spike up was
strong, it was better to wait for a second signal. The second signal came with the
bar 19 moving average gap bar, which formed a double top bear ﬂag with the high
of the small rally after bar 17.
The spike down to bar 20 was followed by a parabolic and therefore climactic
channel down to bar 22, where the market formed a lower low major trend reversal.
There, the market went sideways in a variation of an iii pattern (bodies only). It had
a failed low 1 short that reversed up in a small double bottom, and the bull spike
up to bar 23 was exceptionally strong. This probably ﬂipped the market to always-
in long and would have made the bulls try to keep the market above the bottom
of the spike. They bought aggressively near the low and they also did at bars 27
and 29, creating a double bottom bull ﬂag. Bar 27 was a double bottom major trend
reversal, and bar 29 was a reversal up from the third push down in a triangle, which
could ultimately have a breakout up or down.
The wedge bull ﬂag (bars 24, 26, 27) was followed by another rally and then a
double bottom at bar 29. This was a good risk/reward setup for a long, since a trader
would be buying at the bottom of a trading range. The probability of an equidistant
move up was probably 60 percent, since the market was at the bottom of a trading
range. The risk was about $5.00 with a 60 percent chance of a test of the bar 28
top of the trading range. A trader would be risking $5.00 to make $10.00 with a
probability of 60 percent, which is very good. The average proﬁt per trade would be
about $4.00. Since this was also a double bottom bull ﬂag, the odds were probably
better than 60 percent. The target would be a measured move up out of this trading
range, and it would test to around the bar 15 top of the bear channel.
It is important to realize that this means that there was about a 40 percent
chance that the market would fall below the bar 22 low, so traders would need to
exit if that happened. If it did, the next target would be a measured move down,
based on the height of the bar 27 to 28 or bar 22 to 23 legs down.
Even if the market does go up, the odds favor that it will stall around the bar 11
high and form a larger trading range.

426
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 22.6
FIGURE 22.6
Round Numbers Can Be Support and Resistance
As shown in Figure 22.6, this daily chart illustrates how AAPL, which was in a strong
bull trend, stalled below signiﬁcant round numbers, which are often magnets that
draw the market to them. Once enough traders became convinced that the magnet
would be reached, the bears stopped shorting, and the market rallied in a buy vac-
uum to above the target. For example, the bears believed that the market would get
above $300 and probably at least 5 to 10 percent above, because that is what the
market usually does once it is in the magnetic pull of a round number. Since the
bears expected the market to reach around $315 (5 percent above the round num-
ber), they stepped aside. It did not make sense for them to short before the market
got there when they believed that the market would be higher within a few bars.
Their absence caused the market to go up quickly, since the bulls had to push the
market up higher to ﬁnd enough traders to take the opposite side of their longs.
Once the market gets 5 to 10 percent above the target, bulls begin to take proﬁts
and bears begin to short for a test back down to the round number, which usually
gets penetrated at least once. The pullback to the bar 12 low missed $300 by a penny
(the bar 12 low was $300.01) and the market rallied sharply into the close of that
day. Double top shorts around bar 13 succeeded in driving AAPL below $300, but
the buyers came back and formed the bar 14 double bottom.

Figure 22.7
DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
427
FIGURE 22.7
The Daily and Monthly Charts Can Be in Opposite Trends
As shown in Figure 22.7, wheat had a sharp rally on the daily chart on the right, but
it was just a bear market rally on the monthly chart on the left, where bar 10 formed
a moving average gap bar in the bear trend, a double top bear ﬂag with bar 7, and
a breakout test of the bars 3 and 5 bottom of the upper trading range (a head and
shoulders top). The numbering is the same for both charts.
On the day before the bar 10 bear reversal bar formed on the daily chart, a
television pundit said that wheat was going much higher and that he was buying
it at the market and on pullbacks. When a trend forms large bull trend bars after
a long bull spike (10 to 20 bars), there is a great risk of a protracted two-legged
pullback because most strong bulls would only buy a signiﬁcant pullback and most
strong bears would short at the market and scale in higher. The television pundit
might ultimately be right about wheat going a lot higher, but he was tying up too
much of his capital by buying at the top of a parabolic spike and climax. Instead, he
should have been doing what the institutions were doing. The bears were shorting
and the bulls were waiting for a two-legged pullback before buying.
On the day before bar 10, the news was obviously very bullish for wheat, but
that is irrelevant. The chart told traders that strong bears and bulls were expecting

428
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 22.7
a large correction. The spike and parabolic climax told traders that the weak bulls
and bears were doing the wrong thing and that the strong bulls and bears were
betting on the pullback. The best way to make money trading is by doing what the
smart money is doing and not listening to experts on television. The smart money
is so huge that those smart traders cannot hide what they are doing. However, you
must be able to read the chart to understand what is going on.

Figure 22.8
DAILY, WEEKLY, AND MONTHLY CHARTS
429
FIGURE 22.8
News Can Move a Stock
As shown in Figure 22.8, Dendreon Corporation (DNDN) had sharp moves up and
down due to news releases about its prostate cancer drug. It jumped 800 percent
in the two months that ended at bar 2 and gave back 90 percent of that gain over
the next couple of months. It then jumped 2,000 percent up to bar 7 and then fell
50 percent in the next three months. With the risk of huge moves up and down,
traders can only trade small volume, and this reduced position size offsets any gain
that they would get from the large swings. When you add the stress due to the un-
predictability, it is almost impossible for most traders to trade anything else when
they are in a market like this, and it is likely that they would make more money by
avoiding these special situations. They are fun to watch, but your goal is to make
a lot of money, not to get an emotional rush or a meaningless sense of power after
making a little money from a small position after a rare big move.


C H A P T E R 2 3
Options
I
once talked with a woman trader who was a small business owner and managed
a stock portfolio for herself and her husband. One day, she awoke to ﬁnd her
portfolio was down $500,000 since the day before. On that day she became a
day trader, deciding to never again carry trades home overnight. She was a good
chart reader, but was no longer willing to have any overnight exposure that could
result in a huge loss. As an alternative, she could have switched to option trading
for trades that she wanted to hold for several days to several weeks. She was a
strong trader and could have continued to trade a substantial part of her portfolio
with options instead of restricting herself to day trading. I haven’t talked with her
in years, but I am conﬁdent that she is doing well whether or not she strictly day
trades, but she might be doing better if she incorporated options into her strategies.
Because the bid-ask spread is often wide for options, traders should usually
only consider option trades on higher time frame charts. Any setup with a signif-
icantly positive trader’s equation is reasonable. Here are some examples of situa-
tions when traders should can consider call or put purchases based on 60 minute
or daily charts:
r Buying calls on a pullback to the moving average in a bull trend.
r Buying puts on a rally to the moving average in a bear trend.
r Buying calls at the bottom of a trading range.
r Buying puts at the top of a trading range.
r Buying calls at a new low in a bear stairs pattern.
r Buying puts at a new high in a bull stairs pattern.
r Buying calls during a bull spike in a strong bull breakout.
431

432
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
r Buying puts during a bear spike in a strong bear breakout.
r Buying calls below a weak low 1 or low 2 at the bottom of a trading range.
r Buying puts above a weak high 1 or high 2 at the top of a trading range.
You can also trade options based on a smaller time frame like a 5 minute chart:
r If you are a new trader and your account is limited or you want to be certain
of your risk, you can buy SPY puts or calls instead of trading the SPY or Emini.
The bid-ask spread is usually just one tick for the front month, at-the-money
(ATM) options on the SPY, and many big cap stocks. This allows traders to
place trades on the 5 minute chart and still have a favorable trader’s equation.
r On rare occasions when the intraday price movement is so huge that you are
unwilling to trust your quotes or your ﬁlls on the underlying (like the Emini,
stocks, bonds, currencies, or whatever market you are trading), then you can
buy puts and calls with limit orders for day trades based on 5 minute charts.
There are many other situations in which trading options is worthwhile, and
there are many other useful option strategies, but the aforementioned are the eas-
iest for a day trader and the least distracting. If traders are able to handle other
types of option trading, they should trade them, but most active day traders can-
not take those trades without interfering with their day trading earning potential.
Risk reversals, cashless collars, and ratio spreads in general offer excellent trader’s
equations, but are probably too distracting for a day trader. The orders are relatively
complicated to place and they require a lot of concentration to do them correctly.
You have many strike prices and expirations to consider; the bid-ask spreads are
often wide and therefore the trades feel a little expensive; and, you should use limit
orders, but they often do not get ﬁlled quickly. You then have to manage the trades
and often will want to make adjustments as the trades evolve. Forex traders will
hedge their stock portfolios with currency trades, when they think that the stock
market will fall, by buying risk-off currencies like the Swiss franc or the U.S. dollar
and shorting risk-on currencies like the Swedish krona to get the same hedge. This
avoids the cost of options, but requires a comfort with the foreign exchange (forex)
market, where a lot of action takes place overnight. All of this is very distracting for
a day trader, and most choose either to focus on day trading or to add only simple
put or call purchases to their trading.
It is easiest to mostly buy puts or calls and sometimes spreads and look to hold
the trades for one to several days. You can consider allowing one new extreme
against your position, and you can be willing to add on because your risk is exactly
known and limited with these strategies. At a possible major trend reversal top, you
could also simply sell short a small stock position, but you might tend to watch it

OPTIONS
433
too much during the day, and this would cause you to miss day trades and ultimately
negate any gains from the stock trade.
Options contain a time value that melts away every day, reducing the value
of your put or call. If you buy a spread, you lose on the bid and on the ask on both
strikes, both when you enter and when you exit the spread, and you have double the
commissions. Because of these costs, traders have to restrict themselves to trading
only the very best option setups. Also, they should add options to their day trading
only if it truly results in an increase in their bottom line, which will not be the case
for most traders. Trading anything proﬁtably is difﬁcult for all traders, and most
proﬁtable traders usually choose to focus on either options, futures, or stocks and
not divide their attention among all three. However, be aware that options traders
consider stock positions an integral component of their trading, and most hold their
positions for days to weeks and not minutes to hours, like day traders.
There is one other rare occasion in which intraday options can be preferable
to futures and stocks. That is when the market is in a huge free fall and it is close
to limit down. If a reliable reversal pattern sets up, you might think that the risk of
buying the Emini is small, even on a small position, but it can be substantial even
with a reputable broker. How can that be? Because the system can get overloaded
and your orders might not get processed or reported back to you for 30 minutes or
more. If you just bought what you thought was a bottom and then the market fell
through your protective stop, you might still see your stop order on your computer
screen as a working, unﬁlled order, even though the market has fallen well below
it. So what do you do? You don’t know if the order got ﬁlled, and when you call
your broker to ﬁnd out, you are on hold for 30 minutes. Then after about 30 min-
utes, your computer screen will show that your order got ﬁlled with some slippage
when it was supposed to have been ﬁlled. You cannot afford to live with this kind
of uncertainty for such a long time on a huge bear day when your broker’s order
systems are not working correctly. You could easily lose 10 points in the Emini
since the broker is never responsible for your order getting ﬁlled. An alternative
is to buy calls, so that you will be certain of your risk if the market goes into a
free fall after you are in the market. You could try to limit any potential loss with a
stop on your call, but even if the market falls far below your stop without it being
ﬁlled, at least you know that your risk is not catastrophic even if the stop order was
never processed (assuming that your position size was reasonable). How can the
market fall through your protective stop and not trigger it? The stop is based on
the last trade, and if no trades took place in your particular option, the bid and ask
might fall too far below your stop, but your stop would not get ﬁlled and your op-
tion would be worth much less than you thought. It is important to understand that
protective stops in options often offer no protection, and if the market is moving
quickly against you, you should try to exit on a limit order as soon as you can.

434
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
You can also consider day trading SPY options instead of the SPY or the Emini,
especially when you are starting out and if you are afraid of a huge loss. For exam-
ple, if you buy a one-month-out, at-the-money (ATM) call in the SPY, it might cost
about $250, which is the most that you could lose even if the SPY falls to zero (obvi-
ously this assumes that you bought the call and did not make a mistake, like instead
shorting a naked put or call). Even if the SPY fell 1 percent over the next hour, you
could probably get out of your call with under a $100 loss. If you bought the call
during a pullback in a bull trend, the odds are good that you would be able to exit
with a 10 to 20 cent proﬁt, which translates into a $10 to $20 proﬁt. This would re-
quire about a 25 to 45 cent move in the SPY. If the SPY instead fell 50 cents, you
could get out of your call with maybe a 30 cent loss, which is $30. Buying puts or
calls gives beginning traders more certainty about the most they have at risk, and
this might make it easier for them to think about how to trade without constantly
worrying about the dollars.
If you take only a couple of day trades a day in the futures or stock markets,
then you can be more active in the options market, especially if you also actively
swing trade stocks. The opportunities could ﬁll another book, but a few points are
worth making here. For example, if you are long a stock that is basing on the daily
chart and you are willing to add on lower, you could sell a put at one strike below
the market. You collect the premium if your stock goes up or even drops a little,
and if instead it goes down below the strike of the put, the buyer of that put will
put the stock to you (you will be forced to buy it at the strike price) and you will
therefore be adding to your long stock position at that lower price.
Another common use of options for traders who are long stock is to sell out-of-
the-money (OTM) calls to collect premium. This covered call writing can add about
a 10 percent return to your portfolio every year, but it will occasionally take you
out of a stock that is exploding upward.
If you are expecting a big move in a stock or a futures contract but you don’t
know the direction, you can buy a straddle (buy both a put and a call), but then you
suffer time decay, commissions, and bid-ask spreads on both legs. Straddles are
rarely worthwhile. An alternative for futures traders is to combine the futures and
options in a delta-neutral position, meaning that it has an equal chance of going up
or down. For example, in the Emini, one long contract is equal to buying 500 SPY or
10 at-the-money calls. If you buy one Emini contract (or 500 SPY) and 10 ATM puts
(alternatively, you could short one Emini or 500 SPY and buy 10 ATM calls), this is a
delta-neutral position at the moment that you placed the trade. If the market moves
up or down, the delta changes. If the market goes up, your Emini will make more
than your puts will lose; if the market goes down, your puts will gain more than
your Emini will lose. You lose money only if the market goes sideways for several
days, because your option will decay. There is a lot of ﬁne-tuning that you can do

OPTIONS
435
to increase your return as the market moves, but Emini day traders are too busy to
add this to their trading.
Option traders often talk about catalysts, which are upcoming news events that
can lead to big moves in a stock. The most common one is an upcoming earnings
report, and less common ones include anticipated information about new products
or possible takeovers. Because there is uncertainty and the potential for a big move
up or down is large, the premium is usually greatly inﬂated. As soon as the news is
announced, the premium gets crushed, so much so that you can see the big move
in the direction that you expected and still lose money! For example, suppose you
thought that Amazon (AMZN)’s earnings were going to be strong so you bought
a call for $5.00 on the day before, and the earnings were strong and AMZN went
up 5 percent on the open; however, your call might open at only $4.00. You would
be right about the strong earnings and the strong open, but the premium was so
inﬂated that AMZN probably had to go up 10 percent for your call to increase in
value. Because of this rapid loss of the greatly inﬂated premium, traders need to
be careful when buying options before catalysts. If the volatility is too high, they
are expensive and require a huge move to be proﬁtable. One way to reduce the
effect is to buy a spread so that your short option’s loss of premium will largely
offset the loss on your long option, but spreads are usually worth buying only if
you plan to hold the position for a week or more, because they usually will be
proﬁtable only if there is a big move, or if there is a smaller move and expiration
is approaching.
Many index options traders pay attention to the Chicago Board Options Ex-
change Market Volatility Index (VIX), which tends to move in the opposite direc-
tion to the indexes and in general rises greatly when the market falls in a panic and
traders are buying a huge number of puts to hedge their longs. Other traders are
obviously buying puts as a bet that the bear trend will continue. However, after the
market starts to turn up again, there can also be an increase in put buying, but for a
different reason. Instead of speculators betting on a fall or scared longs hedging, it
is often due to conﬁdent longs who are protecting their new longs. When this is the
case, that put buying implies that the downside risk is much less. These new longs
are willing to hold on to their stock positions during a sell-off because they bought
the puts as protection, so if the market falls, they will hold on to their stock and
futures positions instead of selling in a panic and driving the market down further.
In other words, this put buying is a sign that the downside risk has shrunk and bulls
are becoming conﬁdent. However, it is impossible to know whether the overall put
purchases in the market are for speculation on further declines or for protection of
new longs. Relying on the opinions of pundits on television is never a good basis
for taking positions. If they could make a lot of money trading, most of them would
not be wasting time pontiﬁcating on CNBC.

436
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Many hedge funds buy stock and hedge by also buying puts, either in the spe-
ciﬁc stocks in their portfolios or in the overall market, like SPY puts. Hedge funds
are rarely perfectly hedged and most adjust the amount of put protection based on
the overall market. Some use the volatility index to make adjustments in their puts.
For example, if the volatility index rises 20 percent due to a 10 percent drop in the
stock market over the past few weeks, they will buy back some or all of their puts,
because the puts would have served their purpose. They initially bought the puts
when the market was higher, as protection against a sell-off in their stock portfolio.
If the market sells off and their stocks decrease in value, their puts will increase
in value. They will take proﬁts on their puts and either become less hedged while
they wait for the market to rally again, or they will buy new puts to roll their hedge
forward into a further out contract, and usually a lower strike price. If the mar-
ket rallies strongly and they are relatively less hedged, they will buy more puts to
increase their downside protection.
If you are trading options on the daily or 60 minute charts and are conﬁdent
that the move will begin within the next day or two, it is best to just buy an op-
tion instead of a spread. However, if you think that the move might take a week
or more to begin, you can reduce the effect of time decay by purchasing a spread.
You reduce your total proﬁtability because the value of the short option increases
as the market goes your way, but the overall risk/reward ratio improves. In general,
choose the strike for the short option near a support or resistance area. For exam-
ple, if the SPY is at 105 and has a strong buy signal, but there is resistance around
108, you could buy the one-month-out ATM 105 call and ﬁnance it in part by short-
ing the OTM 108 call. The net cost of the long call less the premium you collected
on the short call might be about $1.20. Since 108 is resistance and resistance acts
as a magnet, the market should get drawn to the 108 area. Both calls will increase
in value, but the long ATM 105 call will increase in value faster and more than make
up for the loss on the short 108 call. If the market rallies in a very strong bull spike
and you think that it will easily break through the 108 resistance area, you can buy
back the short 108 call for a loss and hold the long 105 call, which has more than
enough proﬁt to offset the loss on the short call. If the rally to 108 is weak and you
think that the market might sell off, you should exit your spread with a proﬁt. It is
usually not worth holding the spread to expiration, even though that it when the
maximum proﬁt is realized. Your premise has changed so you need to reevaluate
your position, and this is always a consideration when trading options. If the SPY
is at 108 at expiration, the short 108 call will expire worthless and the long 105 call
will be worth $3.00, so your total net proﬁt might be about $1.80. However, if the
market is at 108 with two weeks to go before expiration and your net open proﬁt
is $1.50, it is probably better to simply exit because it is not worth risking turning
your $1.50 proﬁt into a loss by sitting through a sell-off below 105 before expiration.
As the market rallied to 108, your risk/reward situation changed, and it is no longer

OPTIONS
437
as good as it was when you put the trade on. It is better to take your proﬁt and look
for the next trade.
A trader can either buy or sell a spread. For example, if the SPY is at 130 and
a trader thinks that it will go up, he could buy a call spread by buying the ATM
130 call and selling an OTM call at a higher strike price, like a 133 call. He could
also make a bullish bet by shorting a put spread, like selling an ATM 130 put and
buying an OTM 125 put. In general, most traders prefer buying spreads to selling
them because they prefer to be long and not short the ATM option. If they are short
the ATM option and the underlying goes even a little against them, they are at risk
of having additional, unwanted work. For example, if they shorted that put spread
and the SPY fell to 129 and stayed there as expiration approached, they might be
put the stock, which means that the broker will automatically sell them the stock
at 130; then they would have to decide what to do with the stock and the remaining
long OTM put.
Buying a spread is usually best when you plan to hold the trade for several
weeks, especially if you can hold the position into the ﬁnal week. This is because
the short strike is always more OTM; the more a position is OTM, the faster it will
lose premium through time decay, and that decay accelerates rapidly in the ﬁnal
week. However, you can also purchase a spread with the intention of holding it for
just a few days if you are expecting a huge move beyond your short strike within
that time. Buy the spread for a trade that you expect to hold for less than a week
only if you think that the market will go beyond your short strike during that week.
Otherwise, just buy a simple call or put. For example, say the SPY is at 134 and you
think that it will fall to 130 over the next week. Either you could buy a put, like
the ATM 134 put, or you might want to consider a spread, like a long 134 put and a
short 132 or 131 put.
Since options lose money every day even if the market remains unchanged,
you should hold your position only if you believe that your premise is still valid.
Otherwise, get out, even at a loss. How do you know if your premise is still valid?
Look at the market as it is at this moment and imagine that you are not holding the
position. Next, ask yourself if you would put on that exact position. If you would
not, then your premise is invalid and you should exit immediately.
A common mistake that a beginner makes is to hold a winning option position
too long. For example, if the trader buys a call at the bottom of a trading range with
a goal of a test up to the middle of the range over the next week, but the market
races to the target in just one day, it is usually better to take most or all of the
proﬁts at that point. Yes, the strong momentum might be the start of a bull trend,
but it is more likely that the trading range will continue, and either the market will
soon go sideways and erode the premium through time decay or the market will
pull back and the proﬁt will disappear. Option proﬁts disappear quickly, so it is
very important to take them once you have them.

438
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Just because a stock is well-known, do not assume that its options are heavily
traded. If they are not, the bid-ask spread can be unacceptably large. For example,
the bid for an ATM call might be $1.20 and the ask might be $1.80. This means that
you would probably have to pay $1.80 for the call, and if you immediately sold it
you would receive $1.20, instantly losing 60 cents, or a third of your investment! In
general, if the open interest is less than 1,000 or the recent daily volume is less than
300 options for the strike that you are considering, you usually should not place the
trade. You should rarely, if ever, trade thinly traded options. However, if you do, you
should always enter and exit with limit orders. Even then, your limit order might sit
there for hours while you are waiting for it to get ﬁlled, and you will sometimes end
up giving in and exiting at the market, greatly reducing your proﬁt potential. One of
the nice things about active option markets like the SPY is that the bid-ask spread
for the front month is usually only a penny for ATM and near-the-money options,
so you can place market orders and get excellent ﬁlls.
A large bid-ask spread alone should not be a deterrent to buying an option,
because the spread is proportional to the price of the stock. When AAPL is trading
at $300, the bid-ask spread on an ATM call might be 20 cents, which might seem like
a lot to a beginner. However, traders would not hesitate to buy an option on a stock
trading at $30 if the bid-ask spread on the option was 2 cents. They might buy 10
calls of the $30 stock for every one AAPL call. This is a mathematically appropriate
way to trade.
Spreads can be useful if you are entering during a strong spike on the daily
chart and the market has a way to go before it reaches its target. For example, if
the SPY is at 118 and falling sharply well below the moving average in a new bear
trend, and you believe that it will hit 115 within the next few days, you might be
hesitant to buy a put, because the market might suddenly reverse up to the moving
average before falling to the target. As an alternative, you can buy a 118 put and
short a 115 put. If the market falls nonstop over the next couple of days to the 115
support area, you could exit your put spread for maybe a $1.50 proﬁt. If instead
it rallied to 120 at the moving average, your spread might have an open loss of a
dollar. If you believed that your premise was still intact, you could leg out of your
spread by buying back your short put for a proﬁt of maybe 50 cents, but holding
your long put. If you are right and the market then falls to your 115 target over the
next week, you might make an additional $2.00 on the long put for a total proﬁt of
about $2.50 on the trade. It takes experience to be able to leg out of a spread when
the market is going against you, but if you are conﬁdent about your chart reading,
this can be a good approach.
Incidentally, short options at support and resistance levels increase the
strength of those levels, since options tend to expire near the strike price with the
biggest open interest. The more volume traded at any option strike price increases

OPTIONS
439
the magnetic effect of that price, which increases the support and resistance at that
price. If the volume is large enough, it can affect the market around expiration. The
volume can get huge if there is an obvious support or resistance level, because that
strike price will generate lots of option activity. In fact, the SPY and the QQQ of-
ten expire close to the put and call strike price with the largest open interest. The
short side of the options is usually taken by institutions, who are the smart money
traders, and they will do whatever they can in the options market and in related
markets to make their short options expire worthless so they get to keep the entire
premium that they collected.
The VIX is a measure of the volatility of the S&P 500 index options, and al-
though buying a call or the SPY or the Emini is usually a good trade during a strong
bull spike when you believe that follow-through is likely, there is a risk associated
with the VIX. Incidentally, every 16 points in the VIX corresponds to a 1 percent
expected average daily range in the S&P 500 index (so a VIX of 32 means that the
average daily range of the SPY and Emini is about 2 percent). If the spike is strong
enough, the VIX might also spike up and the cost of your call would be elevated
at the time of your purchase. If over the next couple of hours the market enters
a quiet bull channel, the VIX might fall enough so that the value of your call will
not increase. Because of this, if you want to buy a call during a bull spike or a put
during a bear spike, if you are not buying early on in the spike, it is better to wait
for a pullback to reduce the risk of buying during a brief spike up in the VIX, which
would cause a brief overpricing of all options.
A dramatic increase in option volatility usually causes a disproportionate in-
crease in price of the OTM options. This is called skew, and skewed pricing can
be upsetting to beginning spread traders, because it results in smaller proﬁts than
what seems fair or logical. If a trader bought a 133/128 put spread in the SPY during
a trading range in a bull market when the SPY was around 133, paying $3.50 for
the 133 put and receiving $2.00 for the short 128 put, and the SPY fell $4.00 over
the next two weeks on some world crisis, the trader might assume that the spread
would increase by $4.00 as well. However, since so many traders are buying OTM
puts to protect their longs as the market is falling sharply, their price increases
disproportionately to the ATM puts, and the spread might increase to only about
$2.50, or a $1.00 proﬁt. As the market falls sharply, the volatility increases sharply,
which has a greater effect on OTM puts (and calls, as well). However, the market
might have to fall about 5 percent below the lower strike price, maybe down to
123, for the spread to have close to a $5.00 proﬁt in the weeks before expiration.
Spreads get close to their proﬁt potential only if the market falls far below the lower
strike price, or during the last week before expiration. Traders should generally buy
spreads only if they are expecting a move to near their short leg at some point over
the next few weeks, or if they are willing to hold the spread and exit within a week

440
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
or so of expiration. The put spread will have the full $5.00 proﬁt at expiration if
the SPY is less than 128, the lower strike price, at expiration, but most traders exit
before then.
Because of the skewing of OTM options during big spikes on the daily chart,
traders should consider outright option purchases if they are expecting a move up
or down over the next week or so. If they are planning to exit several weeks before
expiration, they should consider not buying a spread. For example, if the market
just had a strong 3 percent drop on the daily chart and now has pulled back to a
possible lower high, and traders expect a strong second leg down to begin within
the next few days, they are probably better off just buying an outright put instead
of a spread. If they were willing to buy two put spreads for a total cost of $3.00, they
might instead consider buying a single ATM put for about $3.50. If they get the sharp
sell-off during the next week or so that they are expecting, their put might be worth
$7.50 if the market quickly falls to 128. This is still less than the $5.00 they might
have hoped to make (the difference between the 133 in the SPY when they bought
the put and the current price of 128), but much more than the $2.00 they would
have made on the two put spreads. If their put quickly increases in value by $3.00
or $4.00 within a few days, they should sell out of the position, because the market
will probably pull back and enter a trading range. If they continue to hold the put,
the $4.00 proﬁt might quickly become a $2.00 proﬁt. The rally might convince them
that their premise is no longer valid, and they will then exit with that $2.00 proﬁt,
wishing that they hadn’t been so greedy. The options market often offers traders
unexpected gifts, but rarely as much as a beginner might think is logical. When it
does, it is almost always better to take the gift and then look for the next trade.

Figure 23.1
OPTIONS
441
FIGURE 23.1
Buy Calls during Bull Spikes
When a stock is in a strong bull spike, traders can buy calls or call spread. Many
traders who buy calls in strong bulls prefer OTM strikes because the time decay
is slightly less. As shown in Figure 23.1, this daily chart of AAPL had several bull
spikes composed of a series of bull trend bars with small tails and bars with little
overlap. The momentum was strong, which made the odds favor higher prices. If
traders wanted to participate in the up move but limit their risk, they could buy
calls or call spreads. They could take partial proﬁts after a few days and then exit
the remainder of the position at the ﬁrst sign of a reversal or on a pullback to near
their entry price.
When the market is trending up and traders want to buy it, but would like to
buy it a little lower, they will often sell a put just below the market. For example,
during any of the shaded bull legs, a trader could have sold a one month out put
that was about 2 percent OTM for $8. If the market fell and they were put the stock,
they got in 2 percent below the current price and they would be happy. If the market
instead continued up, they got to keep the $8, which is about a 2 percent proﬁt in
one month. Other traders would simply sell an ATM put. For example, when the
market was at 260 and rising sharply, they could have sold a one month out 260
put for about $12. If they were put the stock, they would get to keep the $12. This
means that their net cost to buy the stock was 248, even if it never fell much below
260, and simply continued higher.

442
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.2
FIGURE 23.2
Fade Stair Breakouts with Options
When a market is in a stairs pattern, you can fade each new breakout with options,
expecting a pullback into the prior stair. As shown in Figure 23.2, after the rally to
bar 4, the daily chart of FCX had a pullback to below the bar 2 high, which means
that the bulls were not too strong. Traders who correctly assumed that a breakout
above bar 4 would be followed by a pullback to below the bar 4 high could have
bought puts at the bar 5 doji or before the close of the next day once it was clear
that the day was likely to be a strong bear trend day.
When the market turned up at bar 9 and rallied several dollars above the bar 7
low, traders could have bought calls on or just before the close of bar 11, expecting
a rally of at least a couple of dollars above the bar 9 low. They could have bought
calls again on the close of bar 13 when they saw the big tail at the bottom of the bar.
Bar 12 was a bear reversal bar and a potential ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, a moving av-
erage gap bar, a double top with bar 10, and a weak high 1 or high 2 breakout at
the top of a possible trading range. It was reasonable to buy puts at the end of the
day. Since the market was in a broad bear channel down from bar 5, many traders
bought puts on each rally above the midpoint of the prior leg down and near the
moving average. Many waited until near the close of the day, to be conﬁdent that
the day would be a bear trend day, like during bars 8, 10, 12, and the bar after bar
14. They took proﬁts below the most recent swing low, and the proﬁt taking by all
bears, combined by the buying by the bulls, resulted in the reversal up after each
new low. Bears were buying back their shorts at new lows, not pressing their bets
by shorting more on the breakout. This is a sign that the bear trend is transitioning
into a two-sided market (a trading range).

Figure 23.3
OPTIONS
443
FIGURE 23.3
Fade Trading Range Extremes with Options
When the market is in a trading range, traders can buy puts and exit previously
purchased calls near the top of the range and then buy calls and exit puts near
the bottom of the range. As shown in Figure 23.3, after the reversal up from the
bar 5 low, Morgan Stanley (MS) reversed down after bar 9, which was the second
attempt to break out above the bar 2 high. Since there was a spike up to bar 6 and
then a pullback to bar 7, the three pushes up to bar 9 (bar 6 was the ﬁrst push) were
likely to function as a channel and be followed by a test of the bar 7 bottom of the
channel. Traders could have bought puts near the close of the bear bar that formed
three bars after bar 9.
Bar 11 was a bull reversal bar and a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 7, as well
as the bottom of a channel after the bear spike to bar 10. Traders could have exited
their puts and bought calls going into the close of the bar.
The bar after bar 13 had a bear body, and traders could have exited their calls
and bought puts at the top of the range, especially since this was a wedge bear ﬂag.
The two bars after bar 10 formed the ﬁrst push up, and bar 12 was the second.
The move down to bar 15 followed a very strong spike, and even though bar
15 formed a double bottom with bar 11, the market might have needed more of a
base before it could rally much. Traders who did buy calls here should have taken
proﬁts on the reversal at the bar 16 top of the wedge bear ﬂag.

444
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.3
Bar 17 was a bull reversal bar and the third push down from the bar 9 high.
Many traders saw this as a potential bull triangle after the strong move from bar 5
to bar 9, and this was a call-buying opportunity. It was also a reversal up from a
low 2 at the bottom of a trading range (bars 7, 11, and 15 established the bottom of
the range). A low 2 short signal at the bottom of a trading range usually fails and
leads to a reversal up, as do most attempts to break out of a trading range.
When professional options traders believe that the market will rally, they will
sometimes put on a risk reversal, which is beyond the scope of this book. For ex-
ample, the market rallied strongly from the bar 5 low and then entered a trading
range. Many traders would rightfully have concluded that the market had a good
chance of testing the top of the trading range again, and it might even break to a
new high. After the double bottom at bar 15, an options trader saw that there was
strong buying around 24.00, and he would be happy to be able to buy there. Since
he believed that the market would work higher, he could have bought a call at any
point as the market rallied up from the bar 15 bottom of the triangle (with bars 7
and 11). If he bought the one month out November 26 OTM call for 1.50, he might
have been able to completely cover the cost of that purchase by selling an OTM 24
put, which would have given him about a 1.50 credit. The net cost of his long 26
call and his short 24 put was zero, and this strategy is called a risk reversal. If the
market fell below 24, the stock would have been put to him at 24, the price where
he was hoping to be able to buy. He would then be long the stock and still long a
call. If the market fell sharply, he would lose the 1.50 he spent for the call and as
many dollars as the stock fell below his 24 entry price. However, he believed that
this was unlikely, and in this situation, had possibly a 70 percent chance of making
money. The market dipped below 24, and on a one-bar small dip like that with sev-
eral weeks to expiration, it would have been unlikely that he would have been put
the stock. If he had been, then he would be long the stock and the call, and he could
have taken proﬁts on both around the bar 18 test of the top of the trading range.
If he was not put the stock, he could have closed out his risk reversal with a big
proﬁt on both his long call and his short put, which would have fallen close to zero
(he received 1.50 when he sold it and could now buy it back for about 10 cents).
A risk reversal is similar to holding the belief that the market might form a lower
low major trend reversal. The trader believes that the market is reversing up and is
comfortable buying (being put the stock) if the market falls to a lower low.

Figure 23.4
OPTIONS
445
FIGURE 23.4
The SPY Is a Good Market for Options
As shown in Figure 23.4, the daily chart of the SPY regularly offers opportunities to
buy options.
The two-legged higher high up to the bar 4 bear reversal bar was a good put-
buying setup for a test of the moving average. The market was forming a small
double top with bar 3, so the odds were good that the bull trend was evolving into
a trading range, in which case a test of the bottom of the range and the moving
average was likely. Traders could have bought puts before the close, once they
saw that the bar was likely to be a strong bear bar. Bar 3 was a buy climax and a
breakout of a bull channel, and it was followed by a strong bear bar. This showed
that the bears were willing to be aggressive. On the two-legged higher high up to bar
4, it was reasonable to think that the market would test the moving average again.
When bar 6 closed, many traders assumed its low was likely to get tested.
Higher volatility increases option premiums, so put premiums were greatly inﬂated
because the bar was so huge. Traders could have bought a put spread, buying the
one-month-out ATM 113 put and shorting a put about four strikes lower. If the short
put is too far below, its value is too small to be worth shorting. If the market quickly
fell below 109, traders could have exited the spread with a proﬁt. However, if they
held and saw the rally to the moving average at bar 7, they could have bought back
the short 109 puts, which would be worth much less, and continued to hold the 113
puts, even though they, too, were worth much less. However, the puts would have
quickly increased in value over the next several bars, and traders could then have

446
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.4
made a proﬁt on both sides of the spread. This is called legging out of the spread,
because you exit the two parts or legs at different times.
Bar 7 was a moving average test after the huge bar 6 bear spike. The odds
favored a sell-off to at least the middle of the bear spike. Traders could have bought
puts at the moving average or just before the close of the bar 7 strong bear bar,
when they saw that the bar was probably going to be a strong bear bar.
Bar 9 was a strong bull trend bar and the second strong bull trend bar within
three bars and therefore a sign of buying pressure. The big tail at the bottom of bar
6 was also a sign of strong buying at this price level. The odds were good for a test
of the moving average, so traders could have bought calls going into the close of
bar 9, once they saw that it was probably going to be a strong bull reversal bar.
Bar 13 was a second attempt to reverse up from below the huge bear spike and
the bottom of a triangle, where bars 6 and 9 formed the ﬁrst two legs down. It was
also a bull reversal bar and another sign of buying pressure in the 105 area. Traders
could have bought calls going into the close of the bar.
Bar 14 was a strong bear reversal bar, a moving average gap bar, and the top of
a wedge bear ﬂag, so traders could have bought puts going into the close once they
saw that the bar was going to be a strong bear bar.
Bar 15 was a riskier call purchase setup because the momentum down was so
strong, but it was the third push down from the bar 4 high, where bar 6 was the
ﬁrst and bars 8 through 13 formed the second. Once traders saw how strong the
bull spike up to bar 16 was, they could have bought calls on the close of the strong
bar 17 bull reversal bar for a second leg up after the large wedge bottom and strong
bull spike.
The market was stalling during the ﬁve bars before bar 19, and the doji close
was enough reason to buy puts at the top of the wedge (bars 16, 18, and 19) and the
double top with bar 14.
Bar 21 was a two-legged pullback to the moving average after a strong bear
spike, so traders could have bought puts on the close when they saw that there
were two doji bars that failed to close above the moving average.
Bar 23 was the third bull bar in the past ﬁve bars, which was a sign of buying
pressure. The market was trying to form a higher low after the rally to bar 19. This
was also a spike and channel bear from bar 19 and a wedge bull ﬂag with the low
after bar 18 and then with bar 20. Traders could have bought calls on the bull close
or on the close of the following day, which was a large bull trend bar with tiny
tails and a close well above the moving average. This was part of a strong bull
spike after a signiﬁcant bottom and was likely to be followed by higher prices. If
they were planning on holding for more than a couple of weeks, many would have
bought call spreads instead of calls, to lessen the effect of time decay.
Bar 31 was a bear reversal bar after an upside breakout above a protracted bull
channel, and at a minimum, the market should have tested the moving average and
poked below the bottom of the channel. This was a good opportunity to buy puts.

Figure 23.4
OPTIONS
447
In fact, traders could have bought puts on the open when the market was above the
high of the prior bar. Why was that a good trade? When the market breaks above
a lengthy bull channel, it usually reverses to the bottom of the channel and the
reversal generally comes within ﬁve bars. Therefore, buying puts above the third
bar had limited risk.
There was a very unusual feature to this channel. Only once in the past 10 years
did the market not touch the moving average for this many consecutive bars (bars
26, 28, and 30 did not touch it), and that one occurrence was followed by a test of
the moving average after about as many bars. Extreme behavior offers a regression
to the mean trade. If the market is doing something that it has not done in years, it
will likely stop doing that very soon, and option traders can place a bet in the oppo-
site direction. Whenever you see something that appears unusual, look back or test
prior data to get a sense of how unusual it is. If you tested back over the past 10
or 20 years, you would ﬁnd that more than 95 percent of the time when there were
30 or more consecutive gap bars, the market came back and touched the moving
average within 10 bars. Traders who saw this started taking proﬁts on longs and
buying puts above the high of the prior bar for a bet on a test of the moving average.
The odds were excellent that the market was going to touch the moving average
soon, so buying puts here was a good trade, and traders could have taken proﬁts
on the bar 32 test of the moving average. For example, once the market formed a
one-bar pullback before bar 31, traders would have bought puts on any move above
its high, which happened on the next bar. The market sold off from the gap up open
of bar 31. After a tight bull channel has gone on for a long time, bears begin to enter
the market at the top of the channel above swing highs and above the highs of prior
bars. When something rarely happens, it is unsustainable and therefore climactic
and the ensuing pullback is usually deeper and lasts longer than what most traders
expect, so the odds were that the bar 31 high would hold for at least several weeks
and for at least a two-legged sideways to down correction. The size of the correc-
tion should be comparable in the number of bars and points to the prior legs on
the chart, because the market tends to keep doing what it has been doing (inertia).
Similar strong, tight bull channels formed in the move up to bar 3, and from bar
36 to bar 39. Traders bought puts above the highs of prior bars and on the closes of
strong bull trend bars, which were possible exhaustive buy climaxes, and on small
bars that followed these big bull trend bars, expecting a test down for one to three
days. Put buyers made from 50 cents to a dollar on these scalps on the daily chart.
Another example of extreme behavior came at bar 42. Although this SPY chart
has a couple of small bear bars in the move up from bar 41, the Emini chart did
not. Instead, it had 15 consecutive bull trend bars, which is something that had
not occurred in many years. This means that it is extreme, and therefore climactic.
Smart bears began to scale into put positions in the several bars before bar 42,
expecting at least a 10-bar, two-legged correction that would likely fall below the
moving average.

448
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.5
FIGURE 23.5
Buy Calls on Pullbacks to the Moving Average in a Bull Trend
When the market is in a strong bull trend, as it was on the 60 minute FCX chart
shown in Figure 23.5, traders could buy calls on each poke below the moving av-
erage. About 80 percent of attempts to end a strong trend fail, so the odds were
good that the calls would be proﬁtable over the following days. Traders planning
on holding for more than a week or two would have bought call spreads to reduce
the effect of time decay.
After the three pushes up to bar 11 (bar 10 was the second push), the odds of
a two-legged correction were good, so traders should not have bought calls during
the leg down that followed.
Because bar 11 was the third push up in an overdone bull, it could have been fol-
lowed by either a trend reversal or at least a trading range. Many traders who were
long would have wanted to hold onto their stock, but protect themselves against
a big sell-off. One strategy, which is beyond this book, is a cashless collar (traders
“collar up”). A bull could have bought a one month out OTM 90 put for 2.00 and
ﬁnanced it by selling an OTM 105 call, also for 2.00. His net cost for the protection
below 90 is zero (“cashless”). If the market rallied 5 percent, his stock would be
called away, but he would make that additional 5 percent proﬁt. Instead of collar-
ing up, many traders would simply have sold a call (a buy write, or a covered call),
instead of also buying the put, because the puts are disproportionately expensive
and you have to give up too much upside to ﬁnd a call equal in price to the put (the
call is usually much closer to the money than the put).

Figure 23.6
OPTIONS
449
FIGURE 23.6
Buying Calls for a Day Trade
If you don’t follow a stock closely but notice a strong bull spike after a big gap up
on the 5 minute chart (see Figure 23.6), you can buy calls and hold them until the
close. You can use an alert to tell you if the market dropped back below the price of
the underlying at the time that you bought the calls and then exit with a limit order
with a small proﬁt. Otherwise, exit the calls just before the close.

450
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.7
FIGURE 23.7
Day Trade Runaway Trends with Options
Runaway markets often offer proﬁtable fades using options, and this type of trading
doesn’t cause too much distraction for day traders because the risk is limited. As
shown in Figure 23.7, Alpha Natural Resources Inc. (ANR) was in a strong bull trend
on the daily chart (insert) and broke out of the top of a wedge four days ago. Yes-
terday, it gapped above another trend channel line and above 100, a psychologically
important number and therefore a magnet. As soon as the 5 minute chart started to
come down, a test of 100 was likely. The one-month-out July 100 puts could have
been bought for $7.20, and a reasonable worst-case exit would have been a trade
above the top of the trading range at the open, risking maybe a dollar or so on the
puts. At bar 2, those puts were worth $8.80. This ﬁrst pause was a great place to
take partial proﬁts, because there could have been an opening reversal back up af-
ter testing below the moving average and below 100. However, the bear spike off
the open was so strong that there was likely to be at least a channel down for a
second leg. If traders moved their stop to around $7.30, it would never have been
hit. The puts were worth over $10.00 by the close. Instead of placing a stop in the
market, they could have their software alert them if ANR traded above maybe 102;
if it did, they could have tried to exit the puts with a limit order. The problem with

Figure 23.7
OPTIONS
451
the protective stop is that if the market rallied strongly and no trades took place on
the 100 puts, the stop would never have triggered even though the bid and ask were
far above the stop.
On the daily chart, the day turned into an outside down day. In strong bull
trends, there is usually not much follow-through on the next day (here, there was a
small doji day), because the large outside down bar will likely be the start of a small
trading range. However, a test of the rising daily moving average was likely in the
near term. When a trader makes windfall proﬁts off options, it is best to close the
position and then look for other opportunities tomorrow. There was likely little left
to be gained from this position, and holding it into the next day would have been a
distraction from day trading.

452
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.8
FIGURE 23.8
In Volatile Intraday Moves, Consider Options
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 700 points today (September 29, 2008,
shown in Figure 23.8) on the House of Representatives’ failure to pass a $700 bil-
lion Wall Street bailout bill. Because the Dow fell 430 points in just 10 minutes, the
risk of order systems getting overloaded and locked up was real. As an alternative
to Eminis and stocks, you could have purchased calls if you wanted to trade coun-
tertrend. For example, a SPY November 114 call could have been bought for about
$6.00 at the close of bar 1 and then sold near the moving average for an 80 cent gain
(that is a proﬁt of $80 per contract, since each stock option represents 100 shares
of stock).
If you bought the possible bar 3 double bottom bull ﬂag (not ideal because you
want a bull signal bar when trading against a strong bear trend), you could have
bought the calls for $6.80. I tried to buy the QLD, which is an exchange-traded
ﬁnd (ETF) with twice the leverage of the QQQ, from one broker, but immediately
canceled my order based on the bear signal bar. However, the broker’s online order
system did not let me cancel the order and it did not tell me if it was ﬁlled. I placed
a stop order just in case, but now I had two orders that I did not know whether
they were ﬁlled. I immediately hedged with another broker (all traders should have
at least two brokers for this very important rare reason), and my hedge was twice
the size, even though I did not know if the original long or the stop got ﬁlled. I kept

Figure 23.8
OPTIONS
453
checking, and 40 minutes later the ﬁrst broker gave me my ﬁll on my original trade
and on my stop. I lost only 4 cents! For the hedge, I could have used a number of
different instruments. I bought the QID, which is an ETF that is the inverse of the
QQQ and twice the leverage, to offset my QLD. At the new low of the day, which
was a lower low after a trend line break (the sideways action to bar 3 qualiﬁes as a
break of the bear trend), there was a bull inside bar. I exited my hedge with $1.40
proﬁt and bought SPY calls for $5.80. I exited the calls on the test of the moving
average with a 50 cent proﬁt.
This is not how I like to trade, even though everything turned out well. My
mistake was assuming that today’s technology was good enough so that order sys-
tems would no longer lock up. It made much more sense to just trade calls, like at
the bar 4 low, so that my risk would have been deﬁned even if the order system
locked up.
One ﬁnal point about buying calls on huge days like this: The CBOE Volatility
Index (VIX) hit 50 today, which is extremely unusual. Every 16 points in the VIX
means that the S&P will have an average daily range of about 1 percent. A VIX of
50 means that the average daily range is about 3 percent, or over 3 points when the
SPY is around 115. That means it is not sustainable. If you buy calls, their premiums
will shrink rapidly, which makes them not great overnight trades. For example, the
SPY was up $3.00 the next day, but the calls were up only about $0.50 due to the
dramatic contraction in volatility. At-the-money calls normally move about $0.50 for
every $1.00 move in the underlying, so clearly the risk/reward ratio is poor when
buying options when the VIX is high.

454
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 23.9
FIGURE 23.9
AAPL Dropped on Earnings but Puts Did Not Rise
As shown in Figure 23.9, AAPL was up 40 percent in the past two months and earn-
ings came out after the close yesterday. A trader who bought an OTM 310 put on the
close yesterday for about $8.00 expected a windfall proﬁt on the open when AAPL
opened down $14.00. Instead, the put was only brieﬂy proﬁtable and it quickly fell
to well below the purchase price even though AAPL remained down for hours.
Premium is often so inﬂated before a catalyst that only a huge move will lead to
a proﬁtable trade. Traders need to be very careful when buying options before a
catalyst and should not buy them when the volatility is too high, meaning that the
options are too expensive.
Bar 2 in AAPL on the chart on the left corresponds to bar 22 on the chart on the
right of the OTM one-month-out November 310 put.
At bar 5, AAPL was still down about $5.00, about 1.6 percent, yet at the same
time the put at bar 55 was down $4.00 when put buyers were hoping that it would
be up at least a dollar to $9.00 or more. This was because the puts were very expen-
sive ahead of earnings, and once the earnings came out last night, the uncertainty
evaporated and the premium got crushed.

C H A P T E R 2 4
The Best Trades:
Putting It All
Together
T
he market is linear—it can only go up or down. When you plot it on a conven-
tional chart with time on the horizontal axis, you add a second dimension, but
the market itself is only price, which means that it has only one dimension.
You can make bull and bear bodies have different colors, incorporate volume into
the widths of the bodies, or add all kinds of indicators, increasing the number of
dimensions, but the market itself is one-dimensional. The recurring theme of these
books is that the market is basically simple. It moves up or down because it is con-
stantly searching for the best price, which changes constantly because of unending
changes in countless fundamentals. The fundamentals are anything that traders feel
are important, and include data on every stock, the overall market, politics, natural
and manmade events from earthquakes to wars, and international factors. This re-
sults in the market always trying to break out from a trading range (its current area
of agreement on the value of the market) into a trend, as it searches for the appro-
priate instantaneous value for the market. If the breakout is to the upside, the bulls
are momentarily successfully asserting their opinion that the market is too cheap.
If there is instead a downside breakout, then the bears at least brieﬂy are winning
their argument that the market is too expensive. Every breakout attempt is met by
traders holding the opposite belief, and they will try to make the breakout fail and
the market reverse. This is true on every time frame and on every bar and series
of bars. The trading range can be a single bar or a hundred bars, and the breakout
can last one bar or many bars. The key to trading is developing the ability to assess
whether the bulls or bears are stronger. When a trader believes that the odds favor
one side over the other, he has an edge. The “odds” refers to the trader’s equation.
An edge (positive trader’s equation) exists if the probability of a trade reaching
455

456
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
his proﬁt target before hitting his protective stop is greater than the probability of
the market hitting his stop before reaching his target. Having an edge gives him an
opportunity to make money by placing a trade.
Every type of market does something to make trading difﬁcult. The market
is ﬁlled with very smart people who are trying as hard to take money from your
account as you are trying to take money from theirs, so nothing is ever easy. This
even includes making proﬁts in a strong trend. When the market is trending strongly
with large trend bars, the risk is great because the protective stop often belongs
beyond the start of the spike. Also, the spike grows quickly, and many traders are
so shocked by the size and speed of the breakout that they are unable to quickly
reduce their position size and increase their stop size, and instead watch the trend
move rapidly as they hope for a pullback. Swing traders are often uncomfortable
entering on the spike because they prefer trades where the reward is two or more
times the size of the risk. They are willing to miss a high-probability trade where
the reward is only equal to the size of the risk.
Once the trend enters its channel phase, it always looks like it is reversing.
For example, in a bull trend, there will be many reversal attempts, but almost all
quickly evolve into bull ﬂags. Most bull channels will have weak buy signal bars
and the signals will force those bulls who prefer stop entries to buy at the top of
the weak channel. This is a low-probability long trade, even though the market
is continuing up. Swing traders who are comfortable taking low-probability buy
setups near the top of weak bull channels love this kind of price action, because
they can make many times what they are risking and this more than makes up for
the relatively low probability of success. However, it is difﬁcult for most traders to
buy low-probability setups near the top of a weak bull channel. Traders who only
want to take high-probability trades often sit back and watch the trend grind higher
for many bars, because there may not be a high-probability entry for 20 or more
bars. The result is that they see the market going up and want to be long, but miss
the entire trend. They only want a high-probability trade, like a high 2 pullback to
the moving average. If they do not get an acceptable pullback, they will continue to
wait and miss the trend. This is acceptable because traders should always stay in
their comfort zone. If they are only comfortable taking high-probability stop entries,
then they are correct in waiting. The channel will not last forever, and they will soon
ﬁnd acceptable setups. Experienced traders buy on limit orders around and below
the lows of prior bars, and they will sometimes take some short scalps during the
bull channel. Both can be high-probability trades, including the shorts, if there is
a strong bear reversal bar at a resistance level, and some reason to think that a
pullback is imminent.
Once the channel phase ends, the market enters a trading range, where there
are many strong bull spikes that race to the top and strong bear spikes that race to
the bottom. Traders often focus on the strong spike and assume that the breakout

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
457
will succeed. They end up buying high and selling low, which is the exact oppo-
site of what proﬁtable traders do. Also, the reversals down from the top and up
from the bottom usually have weak signal bars, and traders ﬁnd it hard to take
the entries that they have to take if they expect to make money in a trading range.
Within a trading range, the probability for most trades hovers around 50 percent,
and only occasionally gets to around 60 percent. This means that there are few
high-probability setups. Also, lots of low-probability events happen, like rever-
sals that don’t look good but still lead to big swings, and no follow-through after
strong spikes.
All of this makes it sound impossible to make money as a trader, but if you go
back to each relevant section, you will remember that there are proﬁtable ways to
trade the market, no matter how it is behaving. Your edge is always going to be
small, but if you are a careful, unemotional, and objective reader of the chart in
front of you, and only look to take the best trades, you are in a position to make a
living as a trader.
There are traders trading for every reason and on all time frames at every sec-
ond on every chart. What generalities can be made about how discretionary traders,
whether institutional or individual, will trade a bull trend? A bull trend begins with
a breakout, which is a spike up, and can contain one or many bull trend bars. If
the breakout fails, the market will fall back into the trading range, and traders will
fade the breakout (it will be a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal) and continue to trade the trading
range. When a breakout is strong and successful, most discretionary traders will
buy with a sense of urgency. They will buy at the market, on small pullbacks, at
the close of the bar, and above each prior bar. Once the market transitions into a
channel, they will buy below the low of the prior bar, like below low 1 and low 2
signal bars, expecting reversal attempts to fail (in a trend, most reversal attempts
fail), and above the high of the prior bar, like above high 1, high 2, and triangle buy
setups. They will then buy pullbacks from the breakouts of these small bull ﬂags.
They will even buy the ﬁrst breakout of a bear micro channel in a strong bull trend,
knowing that there might not be a breakout pullback setup until after the market
has rallied many bars. Early on, when the trend is strong, they will buy on new
breakouts above prior swing highs, but as the two-sided trading (selling pressure)
increases, as seen by more and larger bear trend bars and more bars with tails on
their top, traders will begin to sell above prior swing highs. Most will be selling to
take proﬁts on their longs, but as the slope of the channel becomes ﬂatter and the
pullbacks become deeper, more traders will start to short above swing highs, look-
ing for scalps. When the two-sided trading increases to the point that the bears are
about as strong as the bulls, traders will see the market as having entered a trading
range. This means that they are much less certain that the trend will resume on
each rally attempt (they no longer are looking for pullbacks in a strong bull trend,
where the breakout usually quickly tests the old high). They will buy low, sell high,

458
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
and most will scalp. They will look for high 1 and high 2 buy setups near the top
of the range, and will short above the signal bars, instead of buying up there. At ﬁrst,
they will only look for scalps, like pullbacks to the moving average, the bottom of
the trading range, or the bottom of the bull channel. Once they see increasing sell-
ing pressure, they will begin to swing some and eventually all of their shorts, and
will only look to buy deep pullbacks, lasting 10 or more bars and having two or
more legs. After there has been one or more pullbacks where the selling was strong
enough to break below the trend line and below the moving average, some bears
will look to short the test of the bull trend high, expecting a major trend reversal.
They will short a reversal setup at a lower high, a double top, or a higher high, even
though they realize that the chance of a swing down might be 40 percent or less. As
long as the reward is much larger than the risk, they have a positive trader’s equa-
tion, even though the chance of success is relatively low. Bulls will buy reasonable
setups at the bottom of the trading range, like on larger high 2 buy setups, wedge
bull ﬂags, higher time frame trend lines, and measured move targets. Traders real-
ize that a trading range is simply a pullback on a higher time frame chart. When the
spike and channel are steep on a 5 minute chart, they together form a simple spike
on a higher time frame chart, like a 15 or 60 minute chart. The trading range on
the 5 minute chart is usually just a pullback on a 15 or 60 minute chart. When bulls
buy near the bottom of a 5 minute trading range, many will hold for a swing up, a
breakout to a new high, and a measured move up, even though the probability may
be less than 50 percent. This relatively low-probability swing long has a positive
trader’s equation because the reward is much larger than the risk.
While in the trading range phase, signals are often unclear, and there is a sense
of uncertainty. Most of the signals will be micro double bottoms and tops, and small
ﬁnal ﬂag reversals. This is lower probability trading, and traders have to be careful
and quick to take proﬁts (scalp). They must force themselves to buy low and sell
high, not buy strong bull spikes near the top of the range and short strong bear
spikes near the bottom. Invariably, the spikes look strong, but don’t overlook all
of the bars before them—in a trading range, most breakout attempts fail. Once the
market has entered a trading range, if a leg is in a strong micro channel, lasting four
or more bars, don’t enter on the breakout. Wait to see if the breakout is strong. If
so, enter on the pullback from the breakout. If there is a bear micro channel down
to the bottom of the range, wait for the bull breakout and look to buy the pullback,
whether it forms a higher low, a micro double bottom, or a lower low. If there is a
bull micro channel up to the top of the range, wait to sell a lower high, micro double
top, or higher high pullback. As with all trades, always make sure that there is an
appropriate signal bar.
If the market enters a tight trading range, wait for the breakout, because tight
trading ranges trump everything, including every logical reason to take a trade.
Using stop entries in a tight trading range is a losing strategy, but the setups always

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
459
look worthwhile. Instead, patiently wait for the breakout and then decide if it is
likely to succeed or fail.
If there is a successful breakout of the top of the entire trading range, the pro-
cess starts all over again. Traders will see the breakout as a spike and they will
look for at least a measured move up. If there is an upside breakout, but it fails and
the market reverses, traders will view the trading range as the ﬁnal ﬂag in the bull
trend. If there is then a breakout below the trading range, traders will evaluate the
strength of the breakout, and if it is strong, they will repeat the entire process in
the opposite direction. The downside breakout from the trading range can occur
without ﬁrst having a failed upside breakout. Instead of a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal, the
trading range can be some other kind of reversal setup, like a double top, a triple
top, a head and shoulders top, or a triangle. All that matters is that there is a strong
downside breakout, and traders will then expect pullbacks and a bear channel to
follow the bear breakout, and then the market to evolve into a trading range, which
can be then followed by a bull or bear breakout. Examples of best trades include:
r Opening reversals where the setup is strong:
r Swing for a reward that is at least twice the risk: the probability of success is
50 to 60 percent.
r Scalp for a reward that is at least as large as the risk: the probability is about
60 to 70 percent.
r Strong reversals, where the reward is at least twice the risk and the probability
is 50 to 60 percent:
r Major trend reversal: Following a strong break of the trend line, look for a
weak trend resumption to fail on a test of the trend’s extreme; the reversal
signal bar should be strong. After a bear trend, look to buy a higher low,
double bottom, or lower low. After a bull trend, look to short a higher high,
double top, or lower high.
r Strong ﬁnal ﬂag reversal after a swing up or down in a trading range or weak
channel.
r Buying a third or fourth push down in a bear stairs pattern for a test of the
low of the prior push down.
r Selling a third or fourth push up in a bull stairs pattern for a test of the high
of the prior push up.
r Trading when the channel in a spike and channel day or the breakout in a
trending trading range day reaches a measured move target and the move is
weakening.
r Buying a high 2 pullback to the moving average in a bull trend.
r Selling a low 2 pullback to the moving average in a bear trend.
r Buying a wedge bull ﬂag pullback in a bull trend.
r Selling a wedge bear ﬂag pullback in a bear trend.

460
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
r Buying a breakout pullback after a breakout from a bull ﬂag in a bull trend.
r Selling a breakout pullback after a breakout from a bear ﬂag in a bear trend.
r Buying a high 1 pullback in a strong bull spike in a bull trend, but not after a
strong buy climax.
r Selling a low 1 pullback in a strong bear spike in a bear trend, but not after a
strong sell climax.
r Shorting at the top of a trading range, especially if it is a second entry.
r Buying at the bottom of a trading range, especially if it is a second entry.
Entering using limit orders requires more experience reading charts, because
the traders are entering in a market that is going in the opposite direction to their
trade. Traders should only use limit orders to trade in the direction of the trend.
For example, if a trader is thinking about using a limit order to buy at the low of
the prior bar, he should only do so if the market is always-in long, or he thinks that
it is likely to immediately switch to always-in long. He should never buy with the
intention of scalping the long and then shorting once the low 2 sell setup forms if he
believes that the market is still always-in short and is likely to have only one more
small push up. The probability of success is simply too low when using limit or-
ders to trade countertrend. The low probability results in a losing trader’s equation
and you will lose money, unless you are an exceptional proﬁtable and experienced
scalper. Surprises in trends are usually in the direction of the trend, so when you
think that the low 1 in a bear trend is weak and that the market should have one
more push up, the odds are too great that it will not. However, experienced traders
can reliably use limit or market orders with these potential best trade setups:
r Buying a bull spike in a strong bull breakout at the market or on a limit order at
or below the low of the prior bar (entering in spikes requires a wider stop and
the spike happens quickly; this combination is difﬁcult for many traders).
r Selling a bear spike in a strong bear breakout at the market or on a limit order
at or above the high of the prior bar (entering in spikes requires a wider stop
and the spike happens quickly; this combination is difﬁcult for many traders).
r Buying at or below a low 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order in a possible
new bull trend after a strong reversal up or at the bottom of a trading range.
r Shorting at or above a high 1 or 2 weak signal bar on a limit order in a possible
new bear trend after a strong reversal down or at the top of a trading range.
r Buying at or below the prior bar on a limit order in a quiet bull ﬂag at the moving
average.
r Shorting at or above the prior bar on a limit order in a quiet bear ﬂag at the
moving average.
r Buying below a bull bar that breaks above a bull ﬂag, anticipating a breakout
pullback.

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
461
r Selling above a bear bar that breaks below a bear ﬂag, anticipating a breakout
pullback.
r When trying for a swing in a bull trend, buying or buying more on a breakout
test, which is an attempt to run breakeven stops from an earlier long entry.
r When trying for a swing in a bear trend, selling or selling more on a breakout
test, which is an attempt to hit breakeven stops from an earlier short entry.
r Buying a pullback in a strong bull trend at a ﬁxed number of ticks down equal
to or slightly less than the average prior pullbacks.
r Selling a pullback in a strong bear trend at a ﬁxed number of ticks up equal to
or slightly less than the average prior pullbacks.
r When a bear trend is about to break into a bull trend and needs one more bull
trend bar to conﬁrm the always-in reversal, and the breakout does not look
strong, sell the close of the bull breakout bar, expecting the follow-through bar
not to conﬁrm the always-in ﬂip and the bear trend to resume.
r When a bull trend is about to break into a bear trend and needs one more bear
trend bar to conﬁrm the always-in reversal, and the breakout does not look
strong, buy the close of the bear breakout bar, expecting the follow-through
bar not to conﬁrm the always-in ﬂip and the bull trend to resume.
Here are some guidelines that beginners should consider following until they
are consistently proﬁtable (at that point, they can expand their repertoire):
r Take a trade only where you are going for a reward that is at least as large as
your risk. When starting out, focus on trades where the reward is at least twice
as large as the risk.
r Take trades only if you think they probably will work. Don’t even worry about
how far the move might go. You have to simply ask yourself if the setup looks
good. If so, you should assume that the probability is at least 60 percent (the
directional probability of an equidistant move was discussed in Chapter 25 on
mathematics in the second book). With the potential reward at least as large as
the risk, this creates a positive trader’s equation.
r Enter only on stops.
r Always have a protective stop in the market, because belief and hope will not
protect against a premise that is failing.
r Have a proﬁt-taking limit order in the market so that you will not get greedy
and watch your proﬁt disappear as you hope for more.
r Buy only above bull bars and short below bear bars.
r Trade only a small position size. If you think that you can trade 300 shares, you
should trade only 100 shares so that you are in “I don’t care” mode. This will
allow you to be more objective and less easily swayed by emotions.
r Look for only three to ﬁve reasonable trades a day. If in doubt, stay out.

462
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
r Look for simple strategies. If something is not clear, wait.
r The best choices for a trader starting out are trends that develop in the opening
range, strong trend reversals, and pullbacks in strong trends.
Most traders starting out will experiment with scalping for a proﬁt target that is
about as large as the risk, or swinging for a target that is at least twice as large as the
risk, or a combination of the two, because they want to see if they can be successful
and if one style better suits their personalities. There is no one right way, since all
three have positive trader’s equations when traded properly. The single best trade
is a high-probability swing, because it gives traders ﬂexibility, creating a bigger
margin for error. The high probability allows scalpers to take partial or full proﬁts
and enables swing traders to make larger proﬁts, giving all traders a good chance of
making money, even if they take proﬁts too early or too late. There are usually two
or three a day. Most are either always-in reversals or pullbacks in strong trends.
If you are willing to take low-probability trades where the reward is at least
twice the risk, you need to take every reasonable setup, because the math is against
you if you cherry-pick. The trader’s equation for these trades is positive for a basket
of them, but the odds are that any one trade will lose (the probability is less than
50 percent, so most will lose). There will usually be only one or two choices a day
where the reward is several times as large as the risk, but the signal is not strong
(so the probability is low), and if you are patient, you will be able to anticipate
them. Remember, the probability is low because the setup looks bad. If the setup is
strong, then the probability might be 60 percent or greater. When that is the case,
each trade has a positive trader’s equation and cherry-picking is mathematically ac-
ceptable. Until a trader is reasonably successful, when he takes reversal trades, he
should only trade them if the setups are especially strong (like a 60 percent proba-
bility). Every one of these reversals is likely to result in an always-in ﬂip. However,
it is important to realize that not all always-in reversals happen as reversals trades.
Many often come as strong breakouts that have follow-through.
The mathematics of every trade is critical, and not thinking about it is the main
reason people lose money. They see a strong bull reversal bar and quickly enter
one tick above its high, ignoring that it is the fourth large overlapping bar in a tight
trading range. They see four consecutive, large, bear trend bars creating a strong
bear spike, and they short on the close of the fourth bar, ignoring that the spike
is a simple bear leg that is testing the bottom of a trading range. They see a bull
spike that is soon followed by a low 2 signal bar. They short below it, expecting
a reversal, but not realizing that the market is more likely in the early stages of a
strong bull channel. The market can change quickly when a person is considering
a trade, and traders often struggle to give adequate attention to the strength of
the signal and entry bars, the placement of their orders, the overall risk, where
they should take proﬁts, whether they are up or down on the day, and all sorts of

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
463
personal issues. They often cannot process anything else, and that can leave them
ignoring the most important consideration—does their plan have a positive trader’s
equation? Is the probability of success times the reward greater than the probability
of failure times the risk? There is a natural tendency to assume that if most of
what they are studying looks good that the trade should work, which is a proxy
for thinking about the speciﬁc math, but it is always better to make sure that your
plan is logical. For example, I saw a video on YouTube where the trader carefully
explained that he always traded a second Emini contract, scalping it at a one tick
proﬁt, so that it would cover his commissions. He had a website and claimed that
he was a proﬁtable trader, and he might well have been, but it was not because of
this second contract. He was risking to his protective stop, about eight ticks away,
on both contracts. That means that he was risking eight ticks to make one tick on
his second contract. This requires the market to move three ticks beyond the signal
bar before hitting his protective stop in 90 percent of his trades just to break even
on that second contract. Since it is very unlikely that this happens, then his second
contract is losing money on average, even if it makes money on it 80 percent of the
time! He might make enough on his ﬁrst contract to more than overcome his losing
strategy on the second contract, resulting in him being proﬁtable at the end of the
month, but he would be more so if he understood the math. If a trader has any
strategy, he has to consider the math. If the market is moving too fast for a trader
to consider the math of the current setup, he should not take the trade. Instead, he
should wait to enter later, and only if he can convince himself that his strategy has
a positive trader’s equation.
Any kind of trade can be a best trade in the right circumstances, and some of
the best traders have personal preferences. Paul Tudor Jones reportedly likes to
trade reversals, Richard Dennis was a well-known breakout trader, Paul Rotter is a
scalper, John Henry traded a basket of markets using an always-in approach, and
just about all traders like to trade pullbacks. I prefer high-percentage trades, and my
most common trades are pullback entries and trading range fades. I especially like
breakouts because when they are strong the probability of follow-through is often
more than 70 percent. I look less often for reversal trades, because most reversal
attempts fail, but I will take a strong reversal setup.
After reading three books and 570,000 words, where does a trader begin? Book
1 dealt with trends, which is when the market is largely one-sided. Book 2 dis-
cussed trading ranges, where the trading is two-sided, and breakouts, which are
transitions from trading ranges into trends. Book 3 has handled reversals, where a
trend transitions into an opposite trend, or at least into a trading range. There is far
more information than anyone can process all at once, and it is best for traders to
pick one or a few approaches starting out. Some trades are illustrated in this chap-
ter, and a trader who is interested in a particular setup can ﬁnd more information
about it in the relevant chapter of the appropriate book. As traders become more

464
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
skilled and learn more about their personality, they will discover that they are more
comfortable and successful with particular patterns and market conditions. Rather
than ﬁghting the market or their emotions, they should try to stay in their comfort
zone and not worry about all of the other great trades that they are missing. If they
followed dozens of markets and time frames and tried to catch the hundreds of set-
ups that they would see every day, they would still end up trading between ﬁve and
20 setups a day and ignoring the rest. Since the 5 minute chart of any major market
has between ﬁve and 10 best trades a day, traders stand a better chance of consis-
tently making money in the long term if they just focus on a single market and time
frame, like 5 minutes, work hard to spot those best trades as they are unfolding, and
then carefully place their orders and manage their trades. Then they should grad-
ually increase their volume, which will put them in a great position to make more
money than they ever imagined, and all from a single chart. Trading is as simple as
that; but as simple as it is, it is always extremely difﬁcult to do in real time because
it is a zero-sum game with edges that are always small, and the competition is the
best in the world.
The market either is certain that the price is wrong and is moving in a trend in
search of an area of agreement (a trading range), or it is in an area of agreement,
waiting for a disagreement (a breakout) to develop. As a trend progresses, it pauses
and breaks out again. At some point, traders believe that it has gone too far and they
start to fade the breakouts, expecting them to fail and a trading range to develop.
This creates double tops and ﬁnal bull ﬂags in bull trends and double bottoms and
ﬁnal bear ﬂags in bear trends. The ﬁnal bull ﬂags are usually high 1 or high 2 setups,
or triangles, and the ﬁnal bear ﬂags are low 1 or low 2 setups, or triangles. With
time, disagreement sets in while in the trading range, and the market breaks out
again in search of a new area of agreement. The breakout sometimes fails, and the
market then searches in the opposite direction in the form of an opposite trend.
This same process happens all day long in every market and on every time frame.
The math favors the breakout in about half of the cases, and the failed breakout
and reversal in the other half. The key to trading is being able to assess if one side
has enough of an edge to create a positive trader’s equation.
Making money always has to be a trader’s primary objective, and the long,
boring stretches, interrupted by brief moments of anxiety and uncertainty, are in-
escapable components of the job. If traders wait several hours and there is no setup,
they will tend to become complacent. Once the trade begins to set up, they will
sometimes not be mentally ready to take the trade. However, that is a challenge
that they must learn to overcome. They are trading to make money, and they must
learn to perform when the time is right. Fireﬁghters wait for days, never knowing
when the alarm will sound, but when it does, they have to act immediately and
perfectly. They are professionals and get paid to do their job correctly. Traders
also wait for events that come only occasionally, but they have to learn to be

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
465
professionals and respond quickly and precisely when the time comes. If they can
learn to be comfortable in this environment, they are in a good position to make a
living as a trader.
A friend once told me that he lost money for many years and never made money
until he stopped taking countertrend scalps. He now makes over a million dollars a
year. He discovered the importance of taking the best trades, and that made all the
difference. Other than when traders are taking a strong reversal setup, they should
look to buy only when the market is mostly above the moving average and sell when
most of the recent bars are below the moving average. If the market seems to be
going both above and below, they should wait until it clearly is mostly on one side
or the other. They should avoid countertrend scalps (and all scalps where the risk
is greater than the potential reward), which always look so good and are proﬁtable
often enough to make traders believe that they just need more practice, but have a
negative trader’s equation and will slowly make a trader’s account disappear. Coun-
tertrend scalps are most tempting in weak channels, where the with-trend setups
just don’t look strong enough, there are great-looking reversal bars at every new
extreme, and traders are becoming anxious because they have not taken a trade in
so long. For example, if there is a weak bear channel, there will usually be a bull
reversal bar soon after each breakout to a new low. However, they are caused by
proﬁt-taking bear scalpers who are looking to short again just a few ticks above
the high of the bar. An impatient trader who buys above the bull reversal bar on a
stop will consistently lose money, because he will lose on 70 percent of his trades
and his average loss will be larger than his average win. Always patiently wait for
with-trend setups, and if there are none that you like, don’t trade, and never take a
tempting countertrend scalp. Once the market has clearly transitioned into a trad-
ing range, traders can then trade in both directions. However, most beginners start
to trade countertrend while the market is still in a channel, long before it evolves
into a trading range. If a trader cannot conﬁdently make the distinction, he should
only trade with trend.
Another common mistake is to look at 1 minute charts or other smaller time
frame charts, like tick and volume charts where there are one or more bars every
one or two minutes. The trades are very easy to spot at the end of the day and,
because the bars are smaller, the risk is less per trade; but most are hard to trade
in real time. The best ones happen fast and are easy to miss, and most traders then
end up taking the ones that aren’t very good. The market is always trying to reverse,
and reversals occur on the 1 minute chart every three to 10 bars. However, most do
not go far enough for a proﬁtable scalp and instead become ﬂags in the larger trend.
A trader who just shorted a 1 minute top in a 5 minute bull trend will invariably lose
and end up missing the 5 minute buy signal that the failed 1 minute top will create.
If your goal is to make money (and that should be your goal), take only the best
trades and avoid 1 minute charts. If, however, this is just an exciting hobby for you,

466
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
remember that hobbies cost money and there may be another one out there for you
that is just as much fun and much less expensive.
When thinking about taking a trade, a trader has to decide whether to buy or
sell, enter on a stop or with a limit order, swing or scalp, trade his usual position
size or smaller, and use his usual protective stops and proﬁt targets or ones that are
larger or smaller. This generates far more trader’s equations than he could possibly
evaluate in the limited time available. Once he makes all of these decisions, he then
has to correctly place his orders and manage his trades. This is virtually impossible
to do when a trader is starting out, so he should therefore look for ways to reduce
the number of decisions that he has to make.
Most traders should keep things simple and try to do the same thing on every
trade until they are consistently proﬁtable. Stop entries are better than limit entries
for a trader starting out. For example, if the market is in a bull trend and he is
deciding to either buy on a stop above the high of the prior bar or with a limit order
at the low of the prior bar, he should choose a stop entry, because the market is
going his way when he enters and the odds that it will continue are higher. If he
buys using a limit order, there is too much risk that the pullback will fall so far that
he will get upset and exit with a loss just before the trend resumes. He should also
begin by trading the same position size, the same size protective stop, and the same
size proﬁt target on every trade. He should either swing or scalp, but always use a
proﬁt target that is at least as large as his protective stop. He should not change his
plan once he is in the trade, like converting a swing to a scalp, a scalp to a swing,
or, worse, a scalp to one that is smaller than the size of his risk. If he ﬁnds himself
changing his plan after he enters, he should just place his bracket orders, walk
away, and come back in an hour. If he is worried about money as soon as he places
his trade, he needs to trade a much smaller position size. If he has been trading
500 SPY shares, he should trade only 100, so that he is in “I don’t care” mode. It is
better for a trader to win on 60 percent of his trades using 100 shares than losing
on 80 percent using 500 shares because of anxiety that prevents him from following
his plan. If he is always eager to place trades, but constantly wants conﬁrmation,
resulting in him only buying at the top of a strong bull spike or selling at the bottom
of a strong bear spike just before a reversal, then he needs to work on patience.
He should avoid entering on breakouts and only enter on pullbacks. To improve
his patience, he could try limiting himself to three trades a day. Once he has taken
them, he would have to wait until the next day before placing another trade. It
takes a long time to become patient and able to not take trades while watching a
lot of great ones go without you. When he has any doubt about a setup, he should
assume that the confusion is his radar telling him that the market is in or about
to enter a trading range, at which point he should only buy low and sell high. A
beginner who is looking to take his ﬁrst trade should consider looking for swing
trades either in trends that start in the opening range or in strong trend reversals

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
467
at any time of the day. The potential reward should be at least twice as large as
the risk. Although the forex market is essentially a 24-hour market and has no real
open, it otherwise behaves like stocks and futures and should be traded in the same
way. If a trader picks setups with strong signal bars and where the context is good,
especially if it is a second signal, the probability of success is often 60 percent,
creating a strong trader’s equation. The trades that do not reach the proﬁt target
are either small losses or wins that approximately offset one another, so the overall
risk is acceptable. Traders usually can learn to anticipate a setup many bars before
it actually triggers, which enables them to be prepared emotionally when the setup
is about to trigger. With experience, they can take more trades every day and begin
to look for setups where the probability of success is at least 60 percent and the
reward is at least as large as the risk (instead of at least twice as large, as is the
case for swing trades). There are usually between ﬁve and 10 setups like this every
day on a 5 minute chart, and since the reward is relatively small compared to the
risk, these are scalps (a swing has a proﬁt target that is at least twice as large as the
risk). A high 2 pullback to the moving average in a bull trend where there is a strong
bull signal bar is an example. A low 2 pullback to the moving average in a bear trend
where there is a bear signal bar is another. After traders gain more experience, they
can begin to enter during strong spikes. Consistently proﬁtable traders can add any
other setup with a positive trader’s equation, even if it is not a best trade, including
some scalps where the potential reward is less than the risk and the probability is
80 percent, and swing setups where the potential reward is much larger than the
risk but the probability is only about 40 percent. They can begin to fade the tops
and bottoms of trading ranges (especially on second signals), where they have a
reasonable expectation that the always-in trade is about to ﬂip into their direction.
Trading breakouts is a good strategy, but is difﬁcult to do for traders starting out,
and most traders should instead wait to enter on pullbacks.
Traders often struggle as they decide what their initial stop should be. If the
context is good, then the probability of an equidistant move up in a bull (or down
in a bear) is 60 percent, as long as the risk is not too big or too small (like using a
two-tick stop when the bars are 50 ticks tall). All trades where a trader chooses a
risk that is not too big will have a positive trader’s equation. If the bars are unusually
large, like 50 ticks tall, a trader can use an eight-tick protective stop and reward, or
a 19-tick stop and reward, and have a positive trader’s equation. It does not matter
what the trader chooses, as long as the reward is at least as large as the risk, and
the risk is not too big or too small. Most traders instinctively know what too big is,
like having a protective stop that is larger than the tallest bar on the chart, and what
too small is, like using a stop that is smaller than normal when the bars are much
bigger than normal. Just use something in between, like your usual stop, or 50 to
100 percent larger. Knowing this takes some stress out of the decision making. Just
quickly pick a stop size that seems reasonable. If the bars are very large, you can

468
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
use your normal stop, like maybe eight ticks in the Emini, or one that is two to three
times bigger, as long as you use a reward that is at least as big.
Any trade with a positive trader’s equation is a mathematically sound trade. For
example, if a trader has a 50 percent chance of making $2.00 in AAPL before losing
$1.00, the trade has a positive trader’s equation and is a good trade. If the trader
has a 60 percent chance of making $1.00 before losing $1.00, or a 40 percent chance
of making $3.00 before losing $1.00, it also is a good trade. These are all trades
that experienced traders take every day and make consistent proﬁts by doing so.
Among the good trades, there are trades that are especially good because the setup
is unusually strong due to a conﬂuence of supporting factors and a strong signal bar,
and because the trader’s equation is very positive. The very best trades have either
a 60 to 70 percent chance of making a reward that is at least as large as the risk
or a 50 to 60 percent chance of making two or more times the risk. These are the
trades that beginners should primarily take, because trading is difﬁcult and these
trades have the biggest margin for error and offer the best chance of generating
proﬁts. For example, suppose there is a bull trend that has a strong sell-off to well
below the moving average, then a wedge-shaped rally to a marginal higher high; the
rally has several prominent bear bodies in it, indicating strong selling pressure, and
there is a strong bear reversal bar that pokes above a longer-term bear trend line.
Traders shorting below that bear reversal bar probably have about a 70 percent
chance of making two to four times their risk. A strong reversal setup comparable
to this forms several times a week in every major market, and there are reversals
almost every day that are almost as good.
A trend reversal can be trickier for beginners because most reversals fail, and
beginners tend to be overly eager and enter on weak setups. For a major trend
reversal, there has to be a strong break of a major trend line, with the ﬁrst reversal
leg showing a lot of momentum and having a strong reversal bar. Smart traders will
then wait for a test of the trend’s extreme and enter on a successful test (a lower
high, double top, or higher high in a market top, or a higher low, double bottom, or
lower low in a market bottom). They want the signal bar to be a strong reversal bar.
If the setup does not have every one of these components, they should not take the
trade. The stop management is the same as for the trend trades described earlier. A
major reversal has a potential reward that is many times as large as the risk. Those
with a chance of success of better than 60 percent form only a few times a week,
but other best trade reversals where the probability is 50 to 60 percent and the
reward is at least twice the risk occur just about every day in every market. There
will usually be a pullback before the target is hit, and many traders have a hard time
holding on to a trade that had a scalper’s proﬁt and now is back to their entry price.
However, if the original premise is still valid, that is the better choice.
There are also strong setups in the opening range on most days. For example,
if the market gaps up on the open, rallies for a few bars, pulls back to the moving

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
469
average, forms a double bottom with the ﬁrst bar of the day, and has a strong bull
reversal bar, there is probably at least a 60 percent chance that a long above that
signal bar will lead to a proﬁt that is several times the risk over the course of the
next few hours. There is a reasonable swing setup that begins during the opening
range on more than 80 percent of the days. A trader will often have to take several
signals before one ﬁnally evolves into a trend, but the trades that do not are usually
small proﬁts and losses that offset each other. Most reversals in the opening range
have only a 30 percent chance of generating a reward that is two or more times
greater than the risk. However, there is usually at least one where the probability
is about 60 percent, and traders should work hard to learn to spot that best setup.
When they ﬁnd one, they have to hold through pullbacks, since reversals are com-
mon in the opening range, even after a strong signal triggers. It sometimes takes a
while before the trend breaks out. Alternatively, they can trade all of the reason-
able reversal setups and scalp for a reward that is at least as large as the risk. Even
though the probability of making twice as much as the risk may be only 50 percent
on a strong setup, the probability of making as much as they are risking is often
60 percent or more, creating a positive trader’s equation. The setups were described
earlier in this book in Part III on trading the open, and the math is discussed in the
second book.
If traders are comfortable trading in a fast market and increasing their risk,
they can enter with the trend during strong spikes. For example, they could sell the
close of the second, third, or fourth bar of a strong bear spike, and use a wide stop
to possibly even above the top of the spike. However, they would rarely have to risk
that much. If they used a wide stop, they would have to reduce their position size,
but would still have at least a 60 percent chance of making as many ticks as they had
to risk. If the spike was very strong and the context was right, they might be able
to risk less than half of the height of the spike and still have a 70 percent chance
of making at least twice as much as they had to risk. The difﬁculty is that the spike
happens so quickly that beginners are usually not able to make the adjustments
needed in the time that the market is giving them. They have to increase their risk
and reward and have to emotionally adjust to a large, fast move, and this is usually
more than most beginners can process. The key to any of these best trades is the
ability to recognize them as they are forming, and that takes practice. However,
if traders learn to recognize just one and carefully wait for it every day, they are
putting themselves in a good position to make money.
Another example of a best trade occurs after a strong spike ends. For example,
say a market just had a four-bar bear spike that broke far below a trading range
where the bars in the spike had small tails and bear bodies of moderate size (not
so big as to be climactic), and the market is now forming a low 2 pullback to the
moving average with a bear reversal bar for the signal bar. This setup has at least a
70 percent chance of making a proﬁt that is at least as large as the risk.

470
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Some of the best trades are on strong trend days when most of the bars are on
one side of the moving average, and there are only a couple of moving average pull-
backs during the day. These strongest trend days happen only a couple of times a
month, but there are reliable trends almost every day. Entering on those pullbacks,
especially if they are high 2, wedge, or triangle buy setups at the moving average
in a bull trend, or low 2, wedge, or triangle short setups at the moving average in a
bear trend, are probably the single most reliable day trades that a trader can make.
If traders follow a basket of about ﬁve stocks with large volume (over about ﬁve
million shares traded each day) and an average daily range of two dollars or more,
then they should be able to make one or two trades every day where they can net
about one-third of the average daily range on the scalp portion of their trade and
usually more on the swing portion, while risking about half of the reward. After
entering, they should place a protective stop beyond the signal bar (they rarely will
have to risk more than one dollar and usually under 60 cents) until the entry bar
closes, and then once there is a trend bar in their direction, they should move the
stop to just beyond the entry bar. For example, if the stock has an average daily
range of three dollars, once the stock moves about 60 to 80 cents in their direction,
they should move the stop to breakeven, or maybe a few pennies worse. If they
bought at $120.10 and the stock hit $120.80, they should move their stop to around
$120.07. After they exit half or so of the trade on a limit order at one dollar of proﬁt,
they should rely on their breakeven stop. They should trail this protective stop be-
yond swing lows on the 5 minute chart, and take a little more off at two dollars’
proﬁt. They should consider letting the ﬁnal portion run until the stop is hit or a
clear and strong opposite signal develops.
If buying a pullback in a bull is such a great trade, why is it so challenging to
make money as a trader? It is because there are problems with every setup, and it is
often difﬁcult to believe that a setup is really as good as it is until a bar or two after
it triggers and you are on the sidelines, watching regretfully. Every pullback starts
as a reversal, and when it is time to buy that bull ﬂag, you might still be haunted
by that bear reversal and be too afraid to buy. Sometimes as a trend is starting out,
it is still within a larger trading range. Since it is best to buy low and sell high in a
trading range, traders will hesitate to buy a high 2 at the top of a bull leg because it
is at the top of a trading range and has not yet broken out. However, if the overall
context is good and the rally and setup are strong, it is the right thing to do. Simi-
larly, shorting a low 2 at the bottom of a trading range is the correct trade when the
market is likely beginning a bear trend. If traders are not certain, they should wait
until they are more conﬁdent, but as long as they believe that the trader’s equation
is strongly in their favor, they must learn to take the trade. Yes, they will often lose,
but the math is on their side. Remember, a great baseball hitter fails 70 percent of
the time, but still makes millions of dollars from that other 30 percent. An experi-
enced trader can win 60 percent or more of the time and have an average win that

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
471
is larger than the risk, and sometimes two or more times larger. Be patient, but
when the setup that you have waited for ﬁnally arrives, learn to take the trade and
trust the math.
The sine qua non of trading pullbacks is that the trader believes that the chart
is in a strong trend or swing. Since most traders will not recognize that a day is
trending on a 5 minute chart until after the ﬁrst hour or two, these trades will usu-
ally not be in the ﬁrst hour. The easiest setup to recognize is a two-legged pullback
to the moving average. The pullback to the moving average usually looks like it
could never lead to much of a with-trend move, but invariably the move will take
out the old trend extreme and run much further than you would ever imagine. It
is important to swing part of every with-trend entry on a strong trend day, even
though that means that sometimes your breakeven stop will be hit on the swing
portion of your trade. However, the big runs will more than make up for this. At ev-
ery new setup, you can either simply add back your scalp portion or instead place
a full position on top of your current open swing position. Once you scalp out of
part, your swing portion is then twice the size of your normal swing (or three or
four times, if you keep adding on at every new signal). Most traders would ﬁnd
it easier just to add their scalp contracts back or to simply stick with their orig-
inal position and scale out at different proﬁt levels. Otherwise, you will end up
with too many contracts to be comfortable, and discomfort makes it hard to follow
your rules.
The market has inertia, and as such, when it is trending, about 80 percent of
attempted trend reversals fail to reverse the trend and become ﬂags (continuation
patterns). Remember, a pullback in a trend is a failed attempt at a trend reversal.
Therefore, trading pullbacks is a reliable approach to trading, and it is the approach
used most by the majority of successful traders. Some pullbacks are large and ex-
tend for a couple of days and the entry can appear to be a reversal entry, but if you
look at a higher time frame chart or if you compress the bars on your current chart
to see more days, you will see that it is just a pullback.
Without exception, all strong trends eventually have larger pullbacks that
evolve into trading ranges. Many traders wait for the pullback to become a clear
trading range before beginning to trade the market as a trading range. If traders
are particularly good at reading price action, they will sometimes begin at the ear-
liest stage of trading range formation, which is at the end of the most recent trend
leg. For example, they could short a minor new high in a weak bull channel that
has been accumulating a lot of selling pressure, where the market is also at one
or more resistance areas, like a measured move target. When shorting as a trend
is temporarily exhausting itself, a trader is expecting a larger pullback or a trading
range. Trading range traders are scalpers, and in the Emini, when the average daily
range has been about 10 to 15 points, they are looking for two to three points of
proﬁt. Trend reversal traders are looking for a large correction, or even a reversal

472
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
into a bear trend, and are planning to swing their trade for at least four points in
the Eminis.
If the chart starts near the lower left-hand corner and ends near the upper right-
hand corner and there have not been any bear legs that have dropped below the
midpoint of the screen, or if there have been a number of swings with lots of bull
trend bars and only small pullbacks, traders should buy every high 2 where the
setup bar touches or penetrates the moving average, especially if the signal bar has
a bull close above the moving average. Once long and once the entry bar closes, if
the entry bar is a strong bull trend bar, they should move the stop from one tick
below the signal bar to one tick below the entry bar. They should consider scalping
out of half at a reward that is equal to the risk (they can adjust this with experience)
and then move the stop to breakeven or maybe a tick or two worse. Add on at every
new opportunity. Most markets are in a strong trend maybe 20 percent of the time
or less.
When the market is clearly bullish, buying near the high (buying a pullback near
the high) and exiting higher is an effective strategy, since the market often goes a
long way before there is much of a pullback. When it is in a trading range, buying
near the high is usually a mistake, and traders should instead try to buy near the
low. When traders cannot tell if the market is in a trend or in a trading range, they
should look to enter on pullbacks from strong spikes, which is an approach that
works well in both trends and trading ranges and is why it is the best approach for
most traders. If the market is forming a bull ﬂag after a rally, look to buy. If it is
forming a bear ﬂag after a sell-off, look to sell.
It is natural to get conﬁdent after some success, and most traders will start
looking to add more setups to their arsenal. Also, they hate sitting for an hour or
two waiting for the best setups when they see lots of proﬁtable scalps unfolding
in front of them. The absolute worst thing to do is to start trading in tight trading
ranges. These often occur in the middle of the day after you have been watching for
an entry for a couple of hours. They are usually in the middle of the range near a
relatively ﬂat moving average, and they always look so simple. However, they will
damage your account and your psyche. Unfortunately, everyone thinks that they
can ﬁgure them out, and they trade them and wonder at the end of the month why
they are down a couple of thousand dollars.
Notice how buying bull breakouts of trading ranges on stops and shorting bear
breakouts of trading ranges on stops are not in the list of best trades. In fact, the
exact opposites are there. Beginners should not use stops to enter on a breakout of
a trading range, since most breakout attempts fail, no matter how good they look.
Remember from book 2 that a trading range will regularly have a strong bull spike
that races up to the top and looks certain to break out, or a strong bear spike at
the bottom that appears to be the start of a strong downside breakout, but both fail
and soon reverse. In a trading range, look to buy low and sell high, not buy high

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
473
and hope for higher, or sell low and hope for lower. If beginners want to trade a
breakout, they should wait until after there is a clear and strong breakout and then
look to enter on pullbacks. With experience, they can enter on the closes of the
bars in the spike and before the close, as the spike is growing.
Selling at the top of a trading range and buying at the bottom of a trading range
is a reasonable approach, especially when a trader is entering on a second signal.
This is a more difﬁcult trade for beginners because it appears to be going against a
trend. The market usually races to the top and to the bottom of trading ranges, giv-
ing the appearance of an impending breakout, but most fail. It is particularly good
when the setup follows a strong move in this direction. For example, if there was a
strong bull spike to the top of the trading range and the market then forms a low-
momentum wedge bull ﬂag to the bottom third of the range, buying a strong reversal
up or buying a breakout pullback from the bull ﬂag is usually a good trade. Uncer-
tainty, which means relatively low probability, is the hallmark of a trading range.
The market spends most of its time in the middle of the range where the probability
of most trades is about 50 percent, and when it is at the top or bottom, it usually
gets there in a strong spike that looks certain to lead to a successful breakout. Ex-
perienced traders understand that the spikes are simply tests and that 80 percent
fail, and even though each leg is strong, the probability is 60 to 80 percent that the
market will soon reverse and test the opposite end of the range. The difﬁculty that
these setups pose for beginners is that the bull spikes to the top and the bear spikes
to the bottom look so strong that it is hard to imagine that they could fail. But al-
most all do, and that strong momentum traps traders into the wrong direction and
out of taking trades in the right direction. Remember, there is something difﬁcult
about every trade, but traders who understand the difﬁculty can see the opportunity
that it presents.
When the market is not clearly trending, look to short a low 2 on a rally to
around the level of the prior swing high, and buy a high 2 near the prior swing
low (buy low and sell high). These days will have several swings lasting ﬁve to 10
or more bars and then the trend line breaks, leading to an opposite swing. If the
momentum on the move to the prior extreme was strong, wait for a second entry,
which usually comes within ﬁve bars or so.
Among the best trade setups, beginners should focus on entries that use stops
so that the market is going in their direction when they enter. Also, they should only
buy above a bull signal bar and sell below a bear signal bar. How do you know if
a trade has a 60 percent probability of success? If you believe that the setup looks
good and has a good chance of working, you should assume you could not have that
belief unless the probability is at least 60 percent. When you feel especially conﬁ-
dent about a setup, then you can use 70 percent for the probability in the trader’s
equation. Any trade in the three books can be a best trade if the circumstances
are right, but many setups should be traded only by traders who are consistently

474
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
proﬁtable and very experienced in reading charts. Most traders should stick to the
best trade setups. Remember, a 60 percent chance of success means a 40 percent
chance of failure, and someone shooting at you with only a 40 percent chance of
hitting you is still a source of great danger. Always recognize that the 40 percent is
very real and dangerous, and always use a protective stop.
A best trade setup that has a 50 to 60 percent chance of success and a reward
that is twice the risk happens in most markets at least once a day. Another good
option is to take a trade where the chance of success is 60 to 70 percent and the
reward is about the same as the risk. On the 5 minute Emini chart, there are usually
several of these on most days, but most traders have a difﬁcult time convincing
themselves that the probability of success is 60 percent; therefore these trades are
for more experienced traders. Also, there are usually just a few strong setups a day,
so traders will not feel the constant pressure to make decisions that they would if
they were trying to place 15 or more trades a day. This gives them a better chance
of being objective and of reading the price action to the best of their ability.
Traders need to ﬁnd a style of trading that is compatible with their personality,
because if they plan to trade for a living, they need to be comfortable and happy
with their job. Because everyone sees a dozen or more trades on a printout of the
chart at the end of the day, there is a tendency to think that scalping is a great
strategy. However, very few traders can take all of those trades in real time, and
the best ones often happen too quickly to catch. Traders are then left with taking
the easy ones, and so many fail that they lose money. This makes scalping for a
reward that is less than the risk a bad strategy for virtually all traders. One of the
great problems with scalping is that it is fairly easy to win on 60 percent of trades.
This gives traders hope that they are very close to making a fortune. However, they
actually have to win on about 80 percent of their tiny scalps to make a living at
it, and as close as they think they are to that winning percentage, they will never
get there. Another problem with small scalps is that beginners will often be wrong
about what they think is an 80 percent setup. Many of their trades will actually be
only 60 percent certain at best, although they seemed much more certain at the
time that they took them. Beginning traders will probably think that they just need
a little more experience to increase their winning percentage to 80 percent, where
they know that the math would then be on their side. The reality is that they will
never become that good because very few of even the best traders ever get there.
That is the simple truth. Also, they will never become good enough to place 20 to
40 trades a day, which requires incredible focus and an exceptional ability to read
charts quickly for hours at a time. Even if they could trade well enough to win with
lots of small scalps for 10 days in a row, that is more likely to be the result of a
statistical aberration than an ability to sustain that level of success for years. The
result is that they will win most of the time, but their losses will be larger than their
wins and their accounts will slowly disappear.

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
475
At the other extreme from scalping is swing trading for a proﬁt that is at least
twice as large as the risk and looking for only one or two good trades a day. Most of
these setups are only 40 to 50 percent certain, but that is enough to have a favorable
trader’s equation. When one looks like it has a 50 to 60 percent chance of success,
it is a best trade. On most days, there are usually a couple of setups, but sometimes
there are ﬁve or more. This is the most reliable strategy, but most traders are un-
comfortable sitting in front of a screen for hours at a time, waiting for a great trade
to set up. Also, since it might set up and trigger in a one- or two-minute window, it
is easy to miss it when it happens. Another approach that focuses on major swings
is to try to be always in the market, looking for one to ﬁve reversals a day and trying
to stay in the market in either direction for the entire day. However, most traders
need to take breaks during the day and they have a difﬁcult time placing reversal
trades. Although they will take many always-in reversal setups, they usually trade
each as a swing trade, and focus more on making a proﬁt that is at least as large as
the risk, rather than on reversing on the next opposite signal. Remember, if a signal
is convincing enough to be an always-in reversal setup, it probably has at least a
60 percent chance of success, on average. This means that a trader taking these
signals and using a proﬁt target that is at least as large as the stop has a positive
trader’s equation.
The middle ground is what is probably best for most day traders, and is what
most experienced day traders choose. They take about ﬁve to 10 trades a day and
trade only when the reward is at least as large as the risk and the probability is
at least 60 percent. Aggressive, experienced traders who are trying to catch these
tradable swings look for micro double tops to short and micro double bottoms to
buy. They do not think about the actual percentage, and instead simply decide if
the trade looks good. If a trader thinks that a setup is strong and will likely yield
a reward that is at least as large as the risk, then it has a probability of success of
at least 60 percent (as explained in Chapter 25 of book 2). This allows the trader
to have a stop that is the same size as the proﬁt target and still have a favorable
trader’s equation. Although this is the style that most successful traders adopt, most
beginners should instead look for strong swing trades, even though the chance of
success is often only 50 to 60 percent. This is because when the reward is two or
more times the size of the risk, the trader’s equation is even stronger, despite the
smaller probability of success. In the Emini, when the average daily range is about
10 to 15 points, look for trades with a good chance of a four-point (twice the size of
the initial risk) or more swing, and exit some or all at four points. With experience,
traders can scalp out part for two to four points and then swing the balance. If they
focus on these setups, they are giving themselves a reasonable chance to become
proﬁtable. If they ﬁnd that they often exit too soon, they should consider placing
one cancels the other (OCO) orders (one to take proﬁt at two to four points, the
other to get stopped out with a loss of two points or less); they should then walk

476
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
away and come back in an hour. They might be surprised that they have suddenly
become successful. Once the trend is established, look for additional entries in the
direction of the trend, scalping most for two points while risking about two points
and, if the trend is very strong, swinging some. As simple as this sounds, trading
is never easy, because you are competing against very smart people in a zero-sum
game, and what looks so obvious at the end of the day is usually not very obvious
at all in real time. It takes a long time to learn to trade proﬁtably, and even once you
do, you have to stay sharp and maintain your discipline every day. It is challenging,
but that is part of the appeal. If you become successful, the ﬁnancial rewards can
be huge.
You have to consider the trader’s equation and take a trade only if you believe
that the chance of success times the potential reward is signiﬁcantly greater than
the chance of failure times the risk. You determine the reward by your proﬁt-taking
limit order and you determine the risk by where you place your stop, although
slippage can make the risk worse than what your stop might indicate. The difﬁcult
part of the equation is the probability, which can never be known with precision.
You usually have very little time to make your determination. Since trading can be
easier if you have only two choices, in general, if you are not certain, assume that
there is a 50 percent chance that your limit order will be ﬁlled before your stop is
hit. If you are conﬁdent about the trade, assume that the odds are 60–40 in your
favor, although they are often higher.
This math has important implications. For example, say you are trading AAPL
on a 5 minute chart and are risking $1.00 to make 50 cents, and your chance of
success is 60 percent; if you take this type of trade 10 times, you will probably
win six times and make $3.00 and you will lose four times and lose $4.00, which
means that you are losing 10 cents per trade, plus commissions. This is the scalper’s
dilemma and is the reason that you should avoid scalps where the risk is more than
the reward. With experience you might be able to ﬁnd scalps with an 80 percent
chance of success and be able to use an 80 cent stop and a 40 cent proﬁt target. If
you can, then you will average only 16 cents per trade, which is a weak strategy;
however, most traders cannot do that and should restrict themselves to trades in
which the reward is at least as large as the risk. For example, if you know that you
have to risk $1.00 in an AAPL trade, do not take the trade unless you believe that
you have at least a 60 percent chance of making $1.00. Whenever you use a swing
target, you have to allow for pullbacks, because you will usually need more bars
before the target is reached, and when you are waiting for more bars, the chance of
a pullback goes up.
Channels are hard to trade, and since the market spends most of its time in
channels, the market is difﬁcult to trade during most of the bars of the day. For
example, if a trader is entering on stops, a bull channel is always forcing traders
to buy at the top. Just after the bull spike ends and the channel begins, there are

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
477
often one or more good high 1 or high 2 buy signals. However, later in the channel,
if the channel is weak, it is better to not buy above bars. A bull channel is a weak
bull trend, especially when the slope is shallow, and the trader’s equation is rarely
better than marginal when buying at the top of a weak bull trend. How to trade
channels was discussed in the ﬁrst book. They rarely offer best trades for most
traders, especially when the channel is tight. If the channel has broad swings, it
will usually create pullbacks that qualify as best trade setups. When it is tight, most
traders should wait for the bear breakout of the bull channel, and then assess the
strength of the breakout. If the breakout is strong and the market ﬂips to always-
in short, then look for short setups. If the market is in its bear spike phase, the
probability of successful shorts during the spike is usually 60 percent or better,
and these are often best trades. The ﬁrst pullback after a strong bear spike usually
becomes a reliable low 1 or low 2 short setup, especially if the signal bar is a strong
bear bar at the moving average. These, too, are usually best trades. Once the trend
slows down and enters a bear channel, especially if it is tight and shallow, most
traders do not have enough experience to ﬁnd best trades, and they should wait for
the process to reverse, and then look for longs.
If you trade a 5 minute chart, there is at least a 90 percent chance that there will
be at least one trade every day where the reward can be at least twice the risk and
the chance of success is at least 50 percent. These trades are always easy to spot on
a printout at the end of the day, but as they are happening they rarely look as good
as you would like. The key to making money for most traders is to work very hard at
spotting those trades as they are setting up, and to restrict themselves to only those
trades, at least until they are consistently proﬁtable. It can be very difﬁcult to sit for
several hours and not place a trade, but your goal should be to make money. If you
are not currently achieving that goal, you should give serious thought to reducing
the number of trades that you are taking and to just trying for one to three trades a
day. Also, those trades should be the very best trades, like a two-legged pullback in
a strong trend, a strong opening reversal, a trend reversal after a very strong trend
line break, or entering on a very strong spike. With all swing trades, traders have to
sit through pullbacks and not be too eager to stop themselves out. As long as the
original premise remains valid, stay with the trade. Once the trend resumes after
a test of the entry price (this will often run the breakeven stops of traders who
tightened their protective stops too soon), then tighten the stop to breakeven.
When you read charts bar by bar, you will ﬁnd an incredible number of setups,
but just because there is a setup does not mean that you should place a trade.
There are setups that form on every couple of bars of every chart on every market
on every time frame. For example, on the 5 minute Emini chart, there are often 15
trades where a stop entry order would result in a two-point proﬁt and another 20 to
30 where a limit order would result in a two-point proﬁt, but the majority of these
happen too quickly or are unclear as they are setting up, and most traders cannot

478
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
expect to make a living by trying to trade all of them. A trader should not try to take
40 trades a day. However, beginners with a little practice usually can ﬁnd three to
ﬁve best trades a day. Even then, they do not have to take all of them, and should
not worry about missing lots of great swings that they see after the fact. Great
traders don’t take most of the setups that they see during the day. They understand
that it is not the number of trades that determines proﬁtability. It is simply a matter
of taking trades with a positive trader’s equation, and you can take few or many.
One or more of the setups in this chapter occur every day on the 5 minute Em-
ini chart and on the 5 minute chart of just about every market. If traders have the
patience to wait possibly hours for one to develop and they restrict themselves to
only the trades in this chapter, they would be very successful. However, learning
to limit themselves to the very best trades is perhaps the most difﬁcult part of trad-
ing. If they are not making money yet, it is something that they seriously need to
consider trying. One important component to making money is avoiding bad trades
that invariably erase much more than what a trader has earned from good trades.
The single most important trade to avoid until one is a skilled, proﬁtable trader is
any setup in a tight trading range, especially when it is in the middle of the day’s
range, near a ﬂat moving average, and the day is not a clear and strong trend day.
The ﬁrst thing that traders should do when trying a new approach is to print
out weeks of charts of the time frame and market they plan to trade and see if
their setups appear to be valid. When they begin to trade, they should trade only
one futures contract or 100 shares of stock, no matter how large their account is.
If they have some experience and are determined to trade larger size, once they
decide how large a position they can trade, they should trade only about a quar-
ter of that size. If they think they can trade 10 Emini contracts, they should trade
only two or three. They need to be able to not care about losses so that they can
remain objective and continue to trade after a couple of consecutive losses. It is un-
likely that they will be able to do that if they are trading their maximum size. Only
after consistently making a proﬁt for several weeks to months should they begin
to increase their position size. However, most traders take many years to become
consistently proﬁtable.
The most difﬁcult part of trading is deciding whether a setup is good enough
to warrant placing a trade. It is especially difﬁcult to do in real time when you
always feel like you need one more bar to be sure, but once that bar forms, you’ve
missed the best entry. It takes many years of practice to be able to look at a chart
and instantly see what is happening, and even then nothing is ever perfectly clear.
However, some things are easier to recognize than others, and a beginner is wise to
focus on just a couple of setups that are easy to anticipate. Fortunately, there are
many setups that are easy to spot and have excellent odds for success.
Once you are consistently netting a couple of points every day in the Emini or
50 cents or a dollar in AAPL, you should focus on increasing your volume rather

THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
479
than adding lots of new setups. These are the very best setups, and if you trade 25
Emini contracts and net just two points a day, you will make $500,000 a year. If
you trade 100 contracts and net four points, you will make $4 million a year. Many
stocks, like AAPL, GS, RIMM, and QQQ, can handle 3,000 or more shares without
signiﬁcant slippage most of the time. If you average 50 cents a day on 3,000 shares
of just one stock, that is about $300,000 a year.
One of the most difﬁcult things for beginners is waiting for hours for a trade to
set up, and when it ﬁnally does, it is so easy to deny how good it really is. For ex-
ample, if the market has been trading down for 40 bars, rallies to above the moving
average, and then sells off to a lower low but forms a strong bull reversal bar, it can
be hard to believe that the market might rally for the next 20 bars, but it can. If you
cannot pull the trigger, greatly reduce your position size to the point that you really
don’t care if you lose (the “I don’t care” size). As a trader, you must take trades if
you are to make money. Keep the math simple and if you think that a trade will
probably work, assume that the probability is 60 percent, although it might actu-
ally be 80 percent. Then, as long as your reward is as large as your risk, you will
have a positive trader’s equation. If you are uncertain, assume that the probability
is 50 percent, but then use a reward that is at least twice as large as your risk.
If a trader looked at all of his trades over the past year, he might ﬁnd that one
particular setup contributed more to his proﬁts than any other. Why not simply wait
to trade only that one pattern? In fact, why not wait for only a perfect version of that
setup? It is because you might only take one trade a week, and you stand to make
far more money by trading as many good setups from reliable patterns that you can
ﬁnd. No one pattern is best. They all can be the best when the conditions are right.
As long as a trade has a strong trader’s equation, a trader will make more money
trading it than by waiting patiently for the absolute perfect trade that might come
only once a week. You make money by trading, not by waiting. The very best trade
is a swing setup where the probability is at least 60 percent, because you will have
a lot of ﬂexibility in how you manage the trade and can make money by scalping,
swinging, or doing some of both.

480
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.1
FIGURE 24.1
Best Trades in a Strong Bull Trend
Once a trader believes that the market is always-in long, the best trade is almost
always buying a pullback, especially near the moving average and when the signal
bar has a bull body. As shown in Figure 24.1, yesterday ended with a strong rally,
and the market was always-in long at the close. The two consecutive bull trend
bars on the open were enough to make traders suspect that the always-in position
was still long. The four-bar bull spike up to bar 6 was further evidence of buying
pressure. Bar 7 was a two-bar reversal buy setup because it was a high 2 down
from bar 6 and a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 5. The bar 7 low was three ticks
above the bar 5 low, which was a sign of urgency on the part of the bulls. They
were so eager to get long that they were afraid that the market might not get all
the way to the bottom of bar 5, so they bought several ticks above. This was also
a breakout test of the bar 3 high (even though bar 7 fell one tick below the bar 3
high). The four consecutive bull trend bars up from bar 7 probably convinced most
traders that the market was always-in long, and therefore they were looking to buy
pullbacks, especially two-legged pullbacks to the moving average where the signal
bar had a bull body, like at bars 7, 12, 20, 25, and 31. Bar 31 was a larger high 2
since it was the bottom of the second leg down from bar 23. Bar 25 signaled the
end of the ﬁrst leg down. By bar 24, the market had entered a tight trading range. At
that point, most traders should have either taken any buy signal and been waiting
patiently or been waiting with no position. The probability of an upside breakout

Figure 24.1
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
481
falls to 55 percent or less once a tight trading range forms, even if the trend before
it was strong.
There are often many ways to interpret a signal, and different traders will see
it in different ways. For example, the bar 12 buy signal was a triangle breakout buy
setup, where bars 9 and 11 were the ﬁrst two pushes down. It was also a breakout
pullback from the bar 11 two-bar reversal high 1 (bar 11 was the ﬁrst of the two
bars), which was also a double bottom with bar 9. Some traders saw it as a high 2
at the moving average, where the bar 11 two-bar reversal was the high 1. Bar 12 was
a micro double bottom with the bull trend bar from two bars earlier. Most tradable
bottoms come from some form of micro double bottom (or a simple double bottom,
like the two-bar reversal at bar 7 with bar 5), just as most tradable tops come from
some form of micro double top, like bar 6 with the bear bar three bars later, the
bar 10 ﬁnal ﬂag and bar 8, the bar 16 ﬁnal ﬂag and bar 14, and the bar 23 double top
with bar 22 (and ﬁnal ﬂag). In a strong bull trend like this, however, most traders
should ignore these countertrend scalps and only look to buy.
Notice how the only bar below the moving average was the ﬁrst bar of the day,
and after the bar 5 bull spike, only two bars were able to close below the moving av-
erage, and they were quickly reversed up on the next bar. This is a sign of strength.
At the end of the day, it is easy to see that this was a bull trend day (a trend from
the open bull, a spike and channel bull, and a trending trading range bull). This was
not so obvious as the day was unfolding because trend days always look like they
are setting up reversals. However, each pullback becomes just another bull ﬂag.
Traders must constantly look for signs of strength, and if those signs are present,
as they were today, they must try very hard to buy pullbacks because these are the
best trades. The probability of success is 60 percent or higher, and the potential re-
ward is at least as large as the risk. If traders held the trades as swings, the reward
ended up being several times as large as the risk.
The market probably became always-in long as it traded above the strong bar 5
reversal bar. If a trader bought above bar 5, his initial stop was below bar 5, giving
him a planned risk of 14 ticks. Once the market traded above the strong bar 7 two-
bar reversal, he would tighten his stop to one tick below the bar 7 low, which was
11 ticks below his entry. At this point, the trader knew that the actual risk to stay
in the trade was only 11 ticks. Since he thought that the market was always-in long,
he believed that the probability of an equidistant move was at least 60 percent.
When the probability was 60 percent, the minimum proﬁt that he needed to create
a positive trader’s equation had to be at least as big as his actual risk of 11 ticks.
This means that his strategy would be proﬁtable as long as he took proﬁts at 12
ticks above the bar 5 signal bar high, which meant that the rally had to reach at
least 13 ticks above bar 5. This happened during bar 10 (it reached 15 ticks above
bar 5), and this proﬁt taking was part of the reason why bar 10 had a bear body.
Many traders would have swung part or all of the trade for a larger proﬁt.

482
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.2
FIGURE 24.2
Best Trades in the 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures
The 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures market is one of the best markets for en-
tering on stops when there is a pullback in a clear always-in trend. As shown in
Figure 24.2, some traders saw the market as becoming always-in long on the two-
bar bull spike that began at bar 1, and others saw it as ﬂipping to long on the failed
low 2 at bar 4, especially after the four bull trend bars up from bar 2. When the
market broke out strongly to the upside from bar 4 to bar 5, it was clearly always-
in long. At that point, traders were buying pullbacks. Bar 6 was a high 1 long buy
setup. Some traders are hesitant to buy high 1 setups because the pullback often
grows into a high 2 or a wedge bull ﬂag. If traders do not want to buy the high 1
setup and also do not want to risk missing a strong trend, they can put a buy stop
above the trend high. Here, as the bar 6 high 1 was setting up, cautious bulls could
have placed a buy stop at one tick above the bar 5 high. This would have ensured
that they would get long if the high 1 at bar 6 resulted in trend resumption instead
of being followed by a more complex pullback.
Bars 9 and 11 were high 2 buy setups. Bar 9 was also a micro double bottom
with bar 8, a pullback from the bar 8 high 1 or high 2 (some traders saw the bear bar
before bar 7 as a high 1 pullback), and a triangle breakout setup (the three pushes
down were the bear bar before bar 7, bar 8, and bar 9). Bar 12 was a large bull trend
bar with a small tail on top and no tail on the bottom. This indicated that the bulls
were strong. Bar 13 was then a reliable breakout pullback buy setup.

Figure 24.2
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
483
Bar 14 was a large bull trend bar after a protracted move and after a small
trading range (bar 10 to bar 13), which could have been a ﬁnal ﬂag. After a ﬁnal ﬂag,
traders usually wait for at least a 10-bar, two-legged pullback to the moving average
before buying again. The move down to bar 15 formed a wedge bull ﬂag, but since
it was a micro channel, most traders saw it as just one leg and were hesitant to
buy. Most breakouts above bull micro channels are followed by pullbacks, so the
strongest bulls waited to see whether the pullback would ﬁnd support at the moving
average or the move below bar 16 would lead to another leg down. The latter was
less likely since the bull trend was so strong, the market was just above the moving
average, and the market was still always-in long. The bull ii pattern at bar 18 was an
excellent buy setup, since it was a micro channel breakout pullback, it was at the
moving average, it had a bull signal bar, it formed a micro double bottom with the
bull bar two bars earlier, and it was a 20 gap bar buy setup.
Experienced traders saw bar 14 as the second, third, or fourth buy climax and
expected a trading range to follow. Although shorting here is not a best trade for
most traders, very experienced traders would have shorted on the close of bar 14,
at the close of the bear bar that followed, below that bear bar, or below the doji bar
that followed, expecting at least a two-legged pullback to the moving average. Some
of these traders might have shorted using a small position either because they were
willing to scale in higher or because if they were stopped out, they would become
even more conﬁdent of the next signal, which they would have traded with their
usual size. Once bar 14 closed, some traders immediately placed limit orders to
short at that closing price. Most of those orders would not have been ﬁlled, because
the high of the bear bar that followed never went above the close of bar 14. This
was a sign of urgency by the sellers, and it gave the bear scalpers more conﬁdence
to short the close of the bear inside bar or below it, expecting at least a test of the
moving average. The next bar also failed to get above the bar 14 close, and its tail
at the top created a small double top with the bar 14 high.
One of the reasons why many traders like to buy pullbacks is because the risk is
smaller. Rather than having to risk to below the bottom of the bull spike, the trader
can risk to the bottom of the pullback. There is usually less proﬁt remaining, but
that is the trade-off for the reduced risk. For example, a trader could have bought
at the close of bar 10, but his theoretical protective stop would have been below
the bar 8 bottom of the bull spike. If he instead waited to buy a pullback, like above
bar 11, his stop would have been below the low of bar 11 and he would be risking
much less.
The market is always trying to keep the probability around 50 percent, because
then the bulls and bears are balanced. There always has to be an institution willing
to take the other side of your trade, and it does not want to give you a 60 percent
chance of success. However, it is unable to contain the probabilities perfectly, and
they often reach 60 percent, giving traders a strong trader’s equation.

484
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.3
FIGURE 24.3
Best Trades on a EUR/USD Chart
As shown in Figure 24.3, the 5 minute EUR/USD forex chart, once the market is
clearly always-in long or short, traders look to enter on pullbacks. The ﬁrst two bars
of the day were big bear trend bars below the moving average and made the market
always-in short. Bar 4 was a wedge (with bars 1 and 3) lower high, and a second
entry for a moving average gap bar short in the bear trend, which at this point had
evolved into a trading range (bar 3 was the ﬁrst bar with a gap above the moving
average in the bear trend). Bar 5 was a large bear trend bar that was an outside
down bar and a failed attempt to form a double bottom, so most traders saw the
market as always-in short. Shorting below the bar 7 low 1 setup and below the bar
9 double top bear ﬂag (double top with bar 7), which was also a breakout pullback
short from the breakout below the bar 7 bear ﬂag, were both reasonable trades. The
reversal up at the bar 10 two-bar reversal was an example of a setup with about a
60 percent chance of making a swing proﬁt, and therefore was a great setup for all
traders, including beginners. Bar 4 was a gap bar in a bear trend, and that often
leads to a test of the bear low (bar 2, as this point) and then a rally that has about
ten bars and two legs as minimum objectives. The bear spike down to bar 6 was too
strong for traders to buy. Bar 8 was a reasonable buy, since it was a second reversal
attempt from the breakout below bar 2, an expanding triangle bottom (the third bar
of the day was the ﬁrst push down and bar 2 was the second), a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal
from the bar 7 bear ﬂag, and a strong bull reversal bar. Expanding triangle bottoms

Figure 24.3
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
485
are always major trend reversal setups. However, since the legs up to bar 4 and
down to bar 6 were so large, most traders would not call this a major trend reversal
and instead would refer to it in other terms (although it was almost certainly a great
looking major trend reversal on the 15 minute chart). Bar 10 was the second entry
in an already strong pattern. Traders bought above the bar 10 high, which was the
second bar of the two-bar reversal, and their initial protective stop was below its
low. They took partial or full proﬁts once the market reached twice the risk, and
let the remainder of their position swing up, trailing stops below the most recent
higher low. Some would have exited below the bar 19 double top (with bar 4), and
wedge (bars 12, 14, and 19, and bars 14, 16, and 19), and others would have held,
keeping their stops below bar 17.
The market was clearly always-in long by bar 12, and traders expected at least
one more leg up and possibly a measured move up based on the height of the strong
bull spike from bar 10 to bar 12. Bulls could have bought either the bar 13 high 1 or
the breakout above bar 12.
Bar 15 was another high 1, but at this point the bull spike was not as strong,
since it already had one high 1 buy setup, and the market was potentially near the
top of a trading range. Bar 17 was a safer buy setup since it was a high 2 at the
moving average and the signal bar was a strong bull trend bar (a two-bar reversal
with the bar before it).
The pullback to the moving average at bar 22 was a bear micro channel, so the
ﬁrst breakout above the channel was likely to have a breakout pullback before the
market rallied very far. Bar 25 was the breakout pullback buy setup.
Bar 25 was a two-bar reversal, and it formed a double bottom with bar 23. Some
traders might call it a micro double bottom, since it included only four or ﬁve bars.
It was also a pullback from the bar 24 breakout of the bear micro channel from
bar 19 to bar 23, and an approximate double bottom with bar 17, and the ﬁrst mov-
ing average gap bar in the larger bull trend, which is often a buy signal. Since the
channel down was tight, waiting for the second entry above the bar 25 two-bar
reversal was a higher-probability approach.
The bull spike up to bar 26 was made of three consecutive strong bull trend
bars, so higher prices were likely to follow. The worst-case protective stop on any
long was below the bar 25 bottom of the spike, but most traders would have exited
sooner, like below the bar 26 low or the bar 25 signal bar high. The market triggered
a high 1 long above bar 27 and then a high 2 long above bar 28. The market was still
clearly always-in long, so traders should not have been too eager to exit on the
pullbacks. Bar 29 was a wedge bull ﬂag buy setup (bars 27, 28, and 29 were the
three pushes down); it was also a double bottom with bar 27, a breakout pullback
buy setup from the breakout above the bar 28 high 2 bull ﬂag, and a failed lower
high (the bar before was a small lower high and a failed high 2 buy setup).

486
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.4
FIGURE 24.4
Best Trades in IBM
As shown in Figure 24.4, the best trades on this 5 minute chart of IBM include the
bar 2 opening reversal and gap spike and channel bottom, the bar 4 double top
at the moving average, the bar 6 low 2 at the moving average after a strong bear
spike, the bar 7 low 2 and micro channel failed breakout, the bar 9 small triangle or
sideways wedge bear ﬂag, and the bar 11 low 2 at the moving average.
There were several moving average pullbacks in a strong bear trend. After
the breakout below bar 2, traders would have assumed that today was a trend-
ing trading range day or possibly even a stronger trend from the open day. By bar 6,
traders were shorting two-legged moves to the moving average and every low 2 that
they saw.
Bar 6 was a low 2 short at the moving average (bar 5 was a small bear bar,
ending the ﬁrst leg up). It was a micro double top with the high of two bars earlier,
and a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag reversal from the inside bar just before it.
Bar 7 was a reversal down from the test of the breakeven stops below bar 6. It
was also a pullback from the breakout below the bear ﬂag that ended at bar 6.
Bar 9 was a low 2 short, and bar 11 was a low 2 short at the moving average, as
well as a micro double top with bar 10. Neither looked good, but you must trust that
a low 2 short at the moving average has a very high probability of success during a
strong bear trend day.

Figure 24.4
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
487
The two-bar bull spike before bar 5 was very strong, and most beginners saw
it as the start of a sharp bull reversal. In the move up to bar 6, there were seven
bars, and only one had a bear body. It is easy to focus on this strength and deny
what took place before it. This sharp rally was the ﬁrst pullback to the moving
average in over 20 bars, and experienced traders saw it as a sell signal. Beginners
only saw the strength and looked to buy the higher low that followed, expecting
a trend reversal or at least a second leg up. They dismissed the three strong bear
trend bars down from bar 6 as just a sharp test of the breakout above the low of
the day, and bought for the next leg up. Experienced traders saw this as simply an
attempt to reverse a strong trend, and therefore most likely just a bear ﬂag. They
shorted the two-legged sideways correction at bar 7, correctly anticipating that the
bear trend would resume.

488
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.5
FIGURE 24.5
Best Trades in USO
As shown in Figure 24.5, the best trade setups today on the daily United States Oil
Fund LP (USO) include the bar 1 wedge bull ﬂag; the bar 3 high 1 test of the moving
average; the bar 5 second entry in a large high 2 (bar 3 was the ﬁrst push down);
the bar 6 expanding triangle and higher high major trend reversal; the bar 8 double
bottom (with bar 5) and the micro channel breakout pullback (the rally from bar 7
broke above the micro channel); the bar 10 failed micro channel breakout; the bar
12 second-entry moving average gap bar, double bottom (with bar 10), high 2, and
breakout test of bar 6; the bar 13 double bottom and high 2; and the bar 15 high 2 at
the moving average and breakout test of bar 11.
The market was clearly in a bull trend, so the best trade was likely to be any
high 2, especially near the moving average, like at bars 1, 5, and 12. Bar 1 was a
high 2 at the moving average, and some traders saw it as a small wedge bull ﬂag.
Bar 5 was the second leg down in a larger high 2 buy setup where bar 3 was the ﬁrst
leg down.
Aggressive traders saw the small sideways move to the moving average around
bar 1 as a quiet bull ﬂag and not a reversal pattern. They therefore would have
placed limit orders to buy at or below the low of the prior bars rather than waiting
for the market to resume the bull trend.
Bar 6 was a higher high major trend reversal and expanding triangle top, and a
reasonable short. However, most major trend reversals do not lead to trends in the

Figure 24.5
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
489
opposite direction. Instead, they more often evolve into trading ranges, but usually
have enough room for a small swing trade (a reward that is at least twice as large
as the risk).
Bars 8 and 13 were two-legged pullbacks below the moving average (gap bars).
Bar 8 was the second test of the bar 5 trading range low, and bar 13 was the
second test of the bar 6 trading range high breakout; both formed double bottom
bull ﬂags.
Bar 10 set up a second long entry on a breakout pullback (and a failed expand-
ing triangle top from bars 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, and 9).
Note that even though this was a clear bull trend, bar 6 was a good short be-
cause there was a trend line break down to bar 5. Bar 6 was a two-legged, wedge-
shaped rally to a new high and the top of an expanding triangle (bars 2, 3, 4, 5,
and 6).
Bar 15 was a breakout test of bar 11. Many with-trend setups will look terrible,
but you have to trust your read and place your orders, or else you will be trapped
out of great trades like so many other weak hands.
In a strong bull trend, you do not need strong setups to buy. You can buy at the
market anywhere and make money, but setups allow you to use tighter stops.
Some traders move their protective stop to breakeven once the trade reaches
about halfway to their proﬁt target. For example, if a trader bought above bar 8,
expecting an upside breakout of the trading range and then a measured move up,
he might move his stop to breakeven once the market reached the bar 9 area, where
the market was more than half of the way to his target and there had been several
closes above the top of the trading range. If his protective stop gets hit, he should
never get upset because it is doing exactly what it is supposed to be doing, which
is limiting his losses, which come in at least 40 percent of his trades.

490
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.6
FIGURE 24.6
Best Trades in the UltraShort S&P 500 ProShares (SDS)
As shown in Figure 24.6, the best trade setups on the 5 minute SDS chart today
include the bar 2 ﬁrst pullback in a trend from the open bull, the bar 5 high 2, and
the bar 6 wedge bull ﬂag or triangle second entry at the moving average.
This was a trend from the open day. There was strong up momentum with the
ﬁrst major leg ending at bar 3. When there is a strong bull trend, look to buy a high
2. Bars 5 and 6 were great high 2 long entries, and bar 6 was also a moving average
pullback. The bar 6 high 2 was for the micro double bottom that formed two and
four bars earlier, and for the large two-legged move down from bar 3, where bar 4
was the high 1 buy setup.
Bar 7 was the second leg up and a failed ﬂag breakout (a ﬁnal ﬂag reversal) that
drifted down and broke the major trend line of the day.
When the market enters a tight trading range or a tight channel, most traders
should stop trading. Some experienced traders will buy at the low of the prior bar
and short at the high of the prior bar, and buy small bull bars at the bottom and
short small bear bars near the top like after bar 12.
Since there was no clear rally in the move down to bar 8 and the bears had been
in control for over an hour, it was reasonable to look for a second leg down. Bar 10
was a small leg up and bar 12 was a second leg up, and it had a low 2 on its rise
from bar 11. Also, bar 12 was a small bar that gapped above the moving average. It
was also a small, almost horizontal wedge top where bar 10 was the ﬁrst push up

Figure 24.6
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
491
and two bars after bar 11 was the second. It was also a low 4 setup, a lower high
major trend reversal, and a test of the bar 7 low.
Bar 13 was a breakout pullback of the bar 9 breakout and a failed bull reversal
bar, trapping longs.
Just before bar 7, the market entered a tight trading range and it continued
until just after bar 12. This is the worst environment for stop entries because that is
the exact opposite of what the institutions are doing, and your job is to copy them,
whenever you can. As a beginner, you cannot enter with limit orders and scale in,
so you have to wait. They are buying below bars and that is why the market goes
up after falling below the low of the prior bar. You also know that they are selling
above the high of the prior bar because the market then goes down on the next bar
or two. Since beginners should only be entering on stops, they should never trade
once they see any sign that the market is entering a tight trading range, because
entering on stops will result in repeated losses. If you are a beginner and decide to
take no more than three trades a day, what are you thinking during the bars after
bar 7? Are you telling yourself that this is exactly what you have been waiting for
all day . . . a nice, quiet market that is no longer scary? Or, are you thinking that the
probability is so low that you would be foolish to waste one of your three trades
here? Since clearly this is a terrible environment for entering on stops, a best trade
will virtually never develop until after a breakout, and you will lose money by taking
trades as you hope that your trade will result in a successful breakout, even though
the prior 5 to 10 signals did not. Never trade in a tight trading range until you are
consistently proﬁtable, and even then it is better to wait. You could trade like an
institution and enter with limit orders, scaling into shorts above and longs below as
the market goes against you, but that is emotionally draining. The drawdowns get
uncomfortably large and you will end up making mistakes, like exiting with a big
loss just before the market reverses and goes your way. It is far better to enter on
stops and wait for an environment where the probability is often 60 percent, and
not trade in a tight trading range.

492
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.7
FIGURE 24.7
Best Trades in an AAPL Bear Trend
As shown in Figure 24.7, the best trade setups on this 5 minute chart of AAPL in-
clude the 20 gap bar short at bar 1 and below the bar 2 two-bar reversal, and the
bar 7 double bottom.
AAPL was in a trend from the open bear. Bar 2 was a two-bar reversal setup
for a 20 gap bar short. The bar 2 entry price was $169.88, and the initial stop was
above the entry bar at $170.38. The entry bar was an outside down bar, and traders
put their protective stops above its high as soon as they entered, probably before
the bar closed. This was reasonable because it deﬁned their risk, and they would
not have wanted to be short if the market immediately reversed above the high of
the bar. If it was not an outside bar, they would have placed their stops above the
signal bar. The initial risk here was 50 cents.
Aggressive traders would have placed limit orders at the bar 3 and 4 highs,
expecting any move up to fail and become a breakout pullback short setup for the
bar 3 breakout of the bear ﬂag. They saw this as a quiet bear ﬂag and not a bull
reversal, and expected more selling, so shorting above the high of any bar was a
reasonable trade.
Bar 5 was a bad high 1 since the market was in a strong bear trend, and traders
would not have exited their shorts and would not have reversed to long. The market
ran 7 cents above the bar, but traders would not yet have moved their protective

Figure 24.7
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
493
stops down because the largest open proﬁt was only 38 cents, and they would have
wanted to give the trade time to work. Typically, traders should not move their
stops to breakeven on a trade like this until there has been about 60 to 80 cents of
open proﬁt.
On bar 6, traders would have been able to exit half of their shares with $1.00
proﬁt using a limit order (the bottom of bar 6 was $1.07 below their entry price). As
you can see by the outside up nature of the bar, lots of traders likely covered part or
all of their shorts here. At this point, they would have moved their protective stop
to breakeven or maybe a few pennies worse ($170.91 was reasonable, since AAPL
rarely runs stops by more than a penny) and would not have exited unless there
was a clear and strong reversal, which was unlikely on such a strong bear trend
day. They expected pullbacks that scare weak shorts out. For example, the rally to
bar 9 hit breakeven stops to the penny ($170.88) and then reversed back down.
If traders were stopped out, they could have shorted again on bar 10, off the
bar 9 moving average test and breakout test. Bar 10 showed that the breakout test
accomplished its goal of scaring traders out, because clearly lots of shorts came
in. If traders let themselves be stopped out, they would now be short again, but at
41 cents worse!

494
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.8
FIGURE 24.8
Best Trades in a Strong GS Bear Trend
As shown in Figure 24.8, the best trade setups on this 5 minute chart of Goldman
Sachs Group (GS) include the micro channel failed breakout that formed two bars
after bar 1, the breakout pullback short (here, a low 2) below the bar after bar 3, and
the second-entry long above the bar 5 bull reversal bar after the spike and channel
down from the 11:10 a.m. PST bear spike.
A small pullback trend is the strongest type of bear trend and, since there was
no prior bull strength, traders should only have considered shorting all day, unless
there was some sign of a setup for a bounce into the close. Traders could have
shorted any small pullback until the potential bottom at bar 5. By bar 1, the biggest
prior pullback was a little more than a dollar, so traders could have placed limit
orders to short at one dollar above the most recent low. They would have needed
to determine where their protective stops needed to be in order to calculate a mini-
mum reasonable proﬁt goal. Since this is often difﬁcult, they needed to think about
a worst-case situation. For example, if the market traded above the fourth bar of
the day, then the bear case would have been much weaker. Therefore, they could
have used protective stops just above its high at around $179.50. Since they would
have been shorting at around $177, they would have been risking about $2.50 on
their trade. If they normally don’t risk more than $500 on a trade, then they could
only have traded 200 shares. Since this was a trend, they had to assume that there

Figure 24.8
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
495
would be at least a 60 percent chance of a new low, or about a $1.00 proﬁt, but they
should take only trades where the potential reward is at least as large as the risk.
This means that they should have been trying to take maybe half off (100 shares)
at $2.50 below their entry price, or around $174.50. They would have been ﬁlled on
the bear trend bar that formed two bars before bar 2. At that point, they could move
their stop to breakeven and hold until the always-in position reversed to long, un-
til their stop was hit, until any reasonable reversal up in the ﬁnal hour or so, or until
the close of the day. If they exited above bar 5, they would have made $900 on their
second 100 shares. If they exited when the market became always-in up on the bull
spike up to $170, they would have made $700, and if they held until the close, they
would also have made about $700 on those second 100 shares.
This was a perfect example of reversal entries to be avoided. Every day, you
should be examining the chart throughout the day, and especially in the ﬁrst cou-
ple of hours, to determine whether the day is a trend day (the major types were
described in the ﬁrst book of this series). If it is, you should not be trading coun-
tertrend. A trend from the open day like this is the easiest trend day to see. You
would have suspected it by the third bar of the day (a large bear trend bar, drop-
ping far from the open), and you would have been very conﬁdent by the time the
market broke below bar 1.
The bar 1 rally was a big bull trend bar that broke a micro trend line and was
therefore likely to fail. An eager trader might then have bought above the bar 2, bar
3, and bar 4 reversal bars, thinking that the bulls showed adequate strength during
that trend line break. However, the market had been below the moving average
since the third bar of the day, and traders should remember that on small pullback
bear trend days like this, the ﬁrst rally to the moving average usually fails and then
the market tests the low. Don’t convince yourself that the market has gone too far
and is due for a rally. By deﬁnition, you are thinking countertrend and looking for
countertrend scalps on a strong trend day. You are afraid to sell near the low and
instead are hoping for a trend reversal, which is a low-probability bet. Do the math.
Most countertrend scalps will fail, and the amount you lose on each one will be too
great to make up with the eventual winner or two.
However, since GS did not have a tradable low 2 short at the moving average all
day, experienced traders would have been shorting even the tiniest pullbacks, rely-
ing on the typical pullback sequence (described in the second book in the series)
to bail them out if a pullback went further up than they thought was likely. Every
type of ﬁrst pullback is usually followed by a test of the trend’s extreme (here, the
low of the day).

496
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.9
FIGURE 24.9
Best Trades on the Daily Chart of VOD
As shown in Figure 24.9, the best trade setups on this daily chart of England-based
Vodafone Group (VOD), one the world’s largest communications services compa-
nies, include the bar 3 high 1 at the moving average, the bar 7 wedge bull ﬂag and
second entry of a moving average gap bar, the bar 8 small triangle, the bar 11 wedge
bull ﬂag to the moving average, the bar 12 high 2, the bar 14 wedge bull ﬂag, and the
breakout pullback on a long at the low of bar 15.
When there is a strong bull trend and a breakout of a bull ﬂag and the breakout
bar has a bull body, buying below its low is a reliable strategy. This is because the
pullback usually becomes a breakout pullback long setup and you are buying at
a lower price. VOD was in a strong bull trend on the daily chart. Bar 15 was a bull
trend bar breakout of a wedge bull ﬂag at the moving average, so the odds were high
that any pullback would be brief and become the signal bar for a breakout pullback
buy setup. Traders could have bought on a limit order at the low of bar 15. Traders
who waited with the plan of buying above the pullback bar were disappointed to
see the large gap up on the next day. If they still wanted to go long, they had to do
such at a worse price.
Although the market fell from bar 5 to below the trend line (not shown) along
the bottom of the channel up from bar 3, the two-bar sell-off did not even touch
the moving average. This made bar 6 a bad candidate for a major trend reversal
lower high, and it was more likely that the market was simply creating a pullback.
It ended at the bar 7 high 2, wedge bull ﬂag, and moving average gap bar.

Figure 24.10
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
497
FIGURE 24.10
Look to Buy Low, Sell High Most of the Time
In general, always look to buy low and sell high, except in a strong trend where you
buy high and exit higher in a bull trend or sell low and exit lower in a bear trend.
However, if you short what you think is a minor top, like below bar 15 or 16 in the
Emini chart shown in Figure 24.10, and the market then forms a high 2 as it did at
bar 17, exit or even reverse to long. This is especially true if the high 2 signal bar
is a bull bar that is testing the moving average. Likewise, if you buy at the bottom
of a bear leg and the market then forms a reasonable low 2 with a bear signal bar
testing the bottom of the moving average, exit and consider reversing to short.
When the average daily range in the Emini is about 10 to 15 points, traders
usually have to risk about two points on a trade. They should look for trades where
the reward is at least as large as the risk and the chance of success is at least 60
percent. There are usually ﬁve or more such setups on most days, like shorting
the bar 1 opening reversal in this chart, buying above the bar 3 low, buying high
2 pullbacks (bar 7, the bar after bar 14, and bar 17), and the bar 22 micro channel
breakout pullback. Remember, if traders think that a setup is probably good, they
should assume that this means that the chance of success is at least 60 percent. If
the reward is at least as large as the risk, this creates a positive trader’s equation.
Note that most minor reversals come from micro double tops and bottoms and
small ﬁnal ﬂags. Scalpers like to see these setups before placing their trades.

498
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.11
FIGURE 24.11
The Reward Should Always Be at Least as Large as the Risk
A best trade is one where there is at least a 60 percent chance of success and the
potential reward is at least as large as the risk. As shown in Figure 24.11, the best
trade setups on this daily chart of Tata Motors Ltd (TTM), the carmaker in India,
were the bar 3 and bar 4 high 2 setups, any of the three bars in the bull spike from
bar 5 to bar 6, the bar 10 high 2, the 11 wedge bull ﬂag, the high 1 after the bar 12
breakout, the bar 14 breakout pullback and the high 2 entry on the bar before it, the
bar 16 high 2, and the bar 20 higher high reversal.
A wedge bull ﬂag pullback to the moving average in a strong trend is a reliable
buy setup. TTM was in a strong bull trend from bar 1 and rose almost 40 percent
in less than two months to bar 8. The market had a high 2 pullback to the moving
average at bar 10, which was a reasonable buy, and it evolved into a wedge bull
ﬂag buy setup at the bar 11 inside bar, also at the moving average. Bar 11 was a
pullback from the breakout of the bull ﬂag that ended at bar 10, and it was therefore
also a breakout pullback buy setup. If traders bought above bar 10, they could have
exited at breakeven on the sell-off three bars later, or they could have relied on
their protective stop below the signal bar, which would not have been hit. They
could also have placed their stop a little below the bar 7 low.
Bar 7 was the ﬁrst pullback in a strong bull spike in a bull trend, and it did
not follow a buy climax. This was an ideal high 1 long buy setup, which was also

Figure 24.11
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
499
a micro channel failed breakout buy setup. It was a breakout pullback buy setup,
since it was the ﬁrst pullback after the breakout above the tight trading range that
ended with the bar 5 breakout.
The huge bull trend bar at bar 17 was a buy climax. Whenever there is a trend
of 10 or 20 or more bars and it then has a huge bull trend bar, the bar often rep-
resents exhaustion. It formed due to some of the last shorts exiting and the late
bulls buying. Both of these groups were weak traders. The strong bulls at this point
would only buy a pullback and the strong bears would be shorting, and they would
short more higher. The bar 17 breakout went far above the trend channel line of
the past couple of months, and it led to the drawing of a higher trend channel line.
The market tried to break above that line on bars 19 and 20 and both times found
strong selling, as seen by the large tails on the tops of both bars, the bear body on
bar 19, and the close well below the midpoint of bar 20. When the market tries to
do something twice and fails both times, it usually then tries to go in the opposite
direction. The bear bars starting at bar 18 and the large tails on the tops of bars
19 and 20 represented accumulating selling pressure, and the large size of the bars
from bar 17 onward indicated that the bulls were trying exceptionally hard to con-
vert the trend into an even stronger bull trend. Their efforts led to their exhaustion
and the selling pressure wore them down. The market was likely to have at least a
two-legged correction and a possible trend reversal.
The sell-off to bar 18 broke below a bull trend line, and all of the selling pressure
made a sell-off likely, so shorting below the strong bear bar after bar 20 was a high-
probability trade. This was a large bear trend bar that closed on its low and formed
a large two-bar reversal with bar 20. The size of the bear body and the tiny tails
indicated that the selling was very strong.

500
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.12
FIGURE 24.12
Best Trades in SOLF
As shown in Figure 24.12, the best trade setups on the daily chart of Solarfun Power
Holdings Company Ltd (SOLF), the Chinese manufacturer of photoelectric cells
that are used in solar panels, include the bar 4 high 2 at the moving average, the
bar 5 huge reversal down from the third push up, the bar 7 low 2 after two strong
pushes down, the bar 8 double bottom bull ﬂag, the small high 2 after bar 9 and
again after bar 10, the bar 12 higher high, and the bar 14 two-legged lower high.
A higher high reversal is usually followed by a lower high short setup. SOLF
had a strong move down from the bar 5 high. There was a second large bear trend
bar just before bar 6 and several other bear trend bars around bars 3 and 4. These
represented selling pressure, which is cumulative and at some point can lead to a
trend reversal. However, the bears were unable to string together consecutive bear
trend bars after the trend line break, so the always-in position was still long.
The sell-off to bar 8 strongly broke the bull trend line, but the sharp rally to
bar 9 broke above the bar 7 right shoulder of the head and shoulders top and was
therefore likely to have follow-through. After the spike up to bar 9, the market had a
channel up to bar 12, which formed a higher high above bar 12. After strong selling
down from bar 5, bears were looking to short and bulls were looking to take proﬁts.
Some traders saw bar 12 as the third push up in the channel where either bar 9 or
bar 10 formed the ﬁrst push and either bar 10 or bar 11 formed the second push.

Figure 24.12
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
501
The bar 12 signal bar was a doji, so some traders may have waited for more bear
strength to appear.
The strong bear trend bar after bar 12 was a sign of strong selling and gave the
bears the conﬁdence to sell aggressively on the next couple of bars. This three-bar
bear spike was made of bars with large bear bodies, and the spike broke the bull
trend line. Traders believed that more selling was likely, and since the market was
now always-in short, they were looking to short rallies.
The market formed a two-legged lower high at bar 14 that tested the bar 12
low, and the market sold off from the ﬁrst tick of the bar. Traders were very con-
ﬁdent that the market was going down. Some traders shorted as the market went
below the low of the bar before it and became an outside down bar, while other
traders shorted the breakout below the bar 13 spike, expecting at least a measured
move down.
The bear spike down to bar 15 was also strong, but some shorts were trapped
out by the sharp rally to bar 18, just above the bar 16 high. Some traders bought
above the bar 15 bull trend bar because it was a double bottom bull ﬂag with bar 8,
a two-bar reversal, and a one-bar ﬁnal ﬂag reversal from two bars earlier. However,
the bears returned on the bar after bar 18, which had a large bear body. It is easy
to get trapped out of a great trade, but it is important to try hard to avoid getting
trapped out. Do not tighten your stops too early, and try to hold some of your po-
sition with a breakeven stop until the market clearly becomes always-in long. The
rally to bar 18 was not enough to ﬂip the always-in position, so swing traders should
have stayed short.
The sell-off from bar 5 to bar 8 was strong enough to make traders wonder if
the market was evolving from a bull trend into a trading range. The rally to bar 12
had many pullbacks, bear bodies, and bars with tails on the top, which are signs of
selling pressure, indicating a change into a two-sided market. This looked more like
a bull leg in a trading range than a bull trend. Traders were beginning to sell above
swing highs, like when bar 10 moved above bar 9, or when bar 11 moved above bar
10. Bar 12 was a signal bar for a higher high (above bar 5) major trend reversal,
but most traders assumed that a trading range and a test of the bar 8 bottom of
the range was more likely than a bear trend, as is always the case (most trading
range breakout attempts fail). Although there was some proﬁt taking in that area
between bars 15 and 17, bars 16 and 18 formed a double top bear ﬂag and led to a
breakout below the range. Many traders took partial proﬁts in the bar 15 area and
moved their protective stops to breakeven, hoping for a bigger swing down, but
knowing that the probability was less than 50 percent. However, they sometimes
make a windfall proﬁt, as they did here.

502
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.13
FIGURE 24.13
Best Trades in CX
As shown in Figure 24.13, the best trade setups on this daily chart of Cemex (CX),
the large cement producer in Mexico, include the bar 2 ﬁnal ﬂag reversal and mi-
cro double top with bar 1, shorting during any of the three following bars during
the bear spike, the bar 4 wedge bear ﬂag pullback to the moving average, buying
above the small bull inside bar after the bar 5 sell climax (failed bear breakout) and
double bottom, shorting below the bar 7 low 2 and micro double top or as it went
below the low of the bar before it (since that was a low 2 sell signal bar), buying the
bar 8 triple bottom and bull reversal bar, shorting the bar 10 double top bear ﬂag
(with bar 9) at the moving average (which was also a bear reversal bar low 2 at the
moving average in a bear trend), shorting the bar 12 micro channel failed breakout
and breakout pullback from the breakout below the triple bottom buying the bar
14 micro double bottom bull ﬂag, and failed low 2 after the strong bar 13 bull rever-
sal bar and big two-legged move down (an approximate leg 1 = leg 2 move, where
leg 1 was the spike from bar 2 to bar 3, and leg 2 was the bear channel from bar 9
to bar 13, which had three pushes; bar 7 was a smaller bear spike and it shared the
same bear channel), and shorting below the bar 15 moving average gap bar, buying
above the bar 16 higher low, shorting the bar 17 low 2 (there were two pushes up
from bar 16, and bar 15 was the ﬁrst push up of a larger low 2) and wedge bear
ﬂag (the bar after bar 13 was the ﬁrst push up), buying the bar 19 higher low major

Figure 24.13
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
503
trend reversal, buying the bar 21 high 2 (it was a micro double bottom with the bull
inside bar after bar 20), and buying the bar 25 triangle (or wedge bull ﬂag) at the
moving average where many bars had bull bodies (buying pressure).
When there is a strong bear spike and traders expect more selling, the market is
always-in down and traders will look for shorts. CX had a strong bear spike down to
bar 3. Traders were expecting lower prices and were looking to short rallies. They
shorted the small two-legged rally to the moving average at bar 4. Some traders
shorted with limit orders at the moving average because this was the ﬁrst pullback
to the moving average after a strong bear spike. Other traders shorted on stops
below bar 4. Bar 4 traded below the bar before it and was a ﬁrst-entry short, and
the traders who shorted below bar 4 were taking the second entry.
The larger two-legged rally at bar 7 was a low 2 short setup. Aggressive bears
shorted on limit orders above the high of the prior bar and above bar 4, and oth-
ers shorted as the bar fell below the low of the prior bar and generated a second-
entry short signal (bar 6 was the ﬁrst signal). Many traders prefer to short below
strong bear trend bars and shorted below bar 7. There were so many traders looking
to short there that the market gapped down the next day.
There was a strong bear spike down to bar 11, and bar 12 broke above the micro
channel. Bears shorted below bar 12, expecting the ﬁrst micro channel breakout
attempt to fail.
Although the sideways move to bar 17 broke above a steep bear trend line, the
move down to bar 13 was so far below the bar 8 low that traders began the process
of looking for a bottom all over again. They needed another rally to break above a
bear trend line and then another test of the trend’s low before they would be willing
to think that the market was reversing and not just forming another bear rally. The
two-legged move up to bar 17 was strong enough to break well above the moving
average and was therefore a sign of buying pressure. Traders shorted below the
bar 17 bear reversal bar because they saw it as the end of a large two-legged rally
and therefore a low 2 short setup. It was also a moving average gap bar short in a
bear trend that had yet to clearly ﬂip into an always-in bull trend.
The bar 19 outside doji bar was not a strong higher low buy signal bar, but some
traders bought above it and above the strong bull trend bar that followed it, which
broke above a bear trend line. It was a breakout test of the longs above bar 14, and
it ran the breakeven stops on those longs. A breakout test that runs breakeven stops
and then reverses back up in the direction of the new trend is a good risk/reward
setup. The risk is to the bottom of the signal bar, and the reward is that of a new
bull trend, which is many times larger.
The bull spike up to bar 20 broke strongly above the moving average and above
a long bear trend line. Some traders saw this as a break above the neckline of a
sloping head and shoulders bottom. Most traders saw the bull spike from bar 19 to
20 as strong enough so that it should be followed by higher prices. This means that

504
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.13
they saw the market as always-in long. They bought above the bar 21 high 2 setup
and again above the bar 24 high 2. It was safer to buy above the bull bars at the
bar 25 wedge bull ﬂag pullback to the moving average.
Other traders interpreted the move down to bar 23 as a bear micro channel, but
since it was still above the moving average and in a strong bull trend, they believed
that it was likely to become part of a bull ﬂag. Therefore, rather than looking for
the breakout to fail and then shorting below it, it made more sense to assume that
the breakout would fail but the failure would not go far and instead would become
a breakout pullback buy signal. Remember, when a failed breakout of a bear micro
channel fails, it becomes a breakout pullback long entry. Bar 24 was the breakout
pullback, but it had a bear body, so most traders would not have bought above its
high. However, the pullback became a two-legged pullback to bar 25, which was
also a double bottom bull ﬂag.

Figure 24.14
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
505
FIGURE 24.14
Best Trades in GOOG
As shown in Figure 24.14, the best trade setups on this 5 minute chart of Google
(GOOG) include the bar 2 and bar 3 low 2 pullbacks to the moving average; buying
the bar 4 ﬁnal ﬂag and wedge bottom reversal; shorting the bar 7 moving average
gap bar, low 2, and double top; buying the bar 9 major trend reversal lower low;
and buying the bar 10 higher low and stop-running breakout test.
When there is a strong break above the bear trend line, traders will look to buy
a test of the bear low, as long as the test does not fall too far below. GOOG had a
strong rally to bar 7, composed of bull trend bars with small tails. It broke above the
bear trend line and above the moving average, and there had been several strong
bull trend bars in the move down after the bear spike down from bar 1. Those
large bull trend bars with small tails signify that the bulls are willing to buy. That
buying pressure is cumulative and, at some point, it can wear down the bears
enough so that the bulls can take control of the market.
Aggressive traders would have shorted on a limit order at the high of the bear
bar after bar 5. There were three consecutive overlapping bars, and any longs were
being forced to buy at the top of this trading range. That is an especially bad idea,

506
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.14
given that it was right at the bottom of the moving average in a bear day. Since it
was likely to fail as a buy, astute traders instead shorted just where the weak bulls
were buying.
The sell-off from bar 7 had many overlapping bars and several bull bars, which
indicated that there was two-sided trading. The bears were not in total control. As
soon as the market fell below the bar 4 bear low, buyers came in on bar 8. They
were not able to reverse the market, and the market fell again below the bear low.
Bar 8 was the ﬁrst break above the bear channel down from bar 7 and therefore not
likely to have follow-through. However, on the bar 9 second attempt to reverse the
trend, the bulls were able to own the next three bars. Bar 9 was a breakout pullback
from the bar 8 breakout above the bear micro channel, and a bear channel is a
bull ﬂag.
When the bears tried to turn the rally from bar 9 into a three-bar bear ﬂag,
the bulls overwhelmed them at the bar 10 higher low. Bar 10 reversed back up at
8 cents (8 cents is tiny for a $500 stock) above the signal bar for the bar 9 long
and was an excellent breakout test, allowing traders to add on above its high. It
also trapped longs out, and they would now chase the market higher. The bulls
saw bar 9 as likely leading to at least two legs up, and they therefore placed limit
orders to buy at or below the low of the prior bar during the next several bars. They
expected any low 1 short to fail and to become a higher low. Their buy limit orders
would have been ﬁlled on bar 10. Their protective stops would have been below the
bar 9 low.
The bears had good shorts earlier in the day. The market gapped down and
formed a low 2 short just below the moving average at bar 1. Aggressive bears
would have shorted during the formation of the two large bear trend bars down
from bar 1, on their closes, and at one tick below their lows.
The bear spike was so strong that there was likely to have been follow-through
selling, most likely in the form of a bear channel, and the day would probably be-
come a spike and channel bear trend day. The bears would have looked to sell
rallies, which would be at the top of the developing bear channel. Bar 2 was a
low 2 short at the moving average and a test of the breakout below the ﬁrst bar
of the day.
Bar 3 was another low 2 short at the moving average, despite the strong bull
trend bars in this bear ﬂag.
Bar 4 was a reversal up from a two-bar ﬁnal bear ﬂag and the third push down in
the bear channel, which often leads to at least a two-legged reversal. At a minimum,
this wedge bottom was likely to behave like a bear stairs pattern and test the low of
the prior push down (the swing low at the bottom of the sell-off from bar 2). It was
also a second attempt to reverse up where the ﬁrst was two bars earlier. Although
a doji signal bar is not ideal, the sell-off had many bull trend bars, so not as much

Figure 24.14
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
507
force was needed to turn the market up. The bear trend was not all that strong and
had a lot of two-sided trading within it.
When buying a low in a bear trend, it is usually good to scalp at least a part
of the trade so traders would have exited some on the test of the moving average,
which was also just above the prior swing low. They then could have moved their
protective stops to breakeven. Most traders would have exited once the market fell
below the two bear trend bars that began with bar 5, but some would have kept
their stops below the bar 4 bear low. This was not yet a strong bottom because the
rally to bar 5 barely broke above the trend line, and therefore the market was still
always-in short. It was prudent for bulls to be cautious and get out early.
Bar 7 was an acceptable moving average gap short, a double top bear ﬂag with
bar 3, and two legs up in a bear trend. However, it would have been risky to short
below a bull trend bar, especially following a three-bar bull spike. It would have
been better to look to buy a higher low or lower low test of the bear low.

508
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.15
FIGURE 24.15
A Lower High in AAPL
As shown in Figure 24.15, the best trade setup on this 5 minute chart of Apple
(AAPL) was the bar 4 lower high major trend reversal and breakout test after the
bear spike down to bar 3. Aggressive traders could have bought during any of the
bull trend bars in the bull spike up from bar 1, but since their protective stops would
have been further away, traders needed to trade smaller positions.
Once the market breaks below a steep channel after a spike and channel top,
traders will often look to short a lower high. The move down to bar 3 had strong
momentum and broke well below the bull trend line. Traders suspected that the
always-in position had ﬂipped to short and were looking for a lower high sell. The
two-legged lower high rally to bar 4 was a test of the breakout below the bar 2 two-
bar reversal, and it was a low-risk sell signal for at least a second leg down and
possibly a trend reversal.

Figure 24.16
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
509
FIGURE 24.16
Best Trades in AMZN
As shown in Figure 24.16, the best trade setup on this daily chart of Amazon
(AMZN) was the bar 10 two-legged lower high major trend reversal, which had
several other supportive features that are described in the next paragraphs. Other
good trades included the wedge bull ﬂag, moving average gap bar, double bottom
bull ﬂag at bar 2, and the bar 3 ﬁnal ﬂag and wedge top. Some traders saw the ﬁrst
push up as the bull trend high before the bar 2 sell-off. Other traders saw that as
the second push up and the June high as the ﬁrst push up.
After a strong break below a bull trend line, traders will look to short a lower
high. The AMZN daily chart had a two-legged pullback to a lower high at bar 10.
Some traders saw it as a double top with the bar 3 or bar 4 high and certainly
with the bar 6 high. It formed a double top bear ﬂag with bar 6 and was therefore
a second-entry short signal. Bar 6 was the ﬁrst, but the move up to bar 6 had too
much momentum to have much likelihood of being the start of the bear trend. Other
traders ignored bar 4 as an outlier and saw the move up to bar 10 as a form of a large
wedge top where the high before bar 2 was the ﬁrst push, bar 3 was the second, and
bar 10 was the third.

510
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.16
Bar 7 broke a smaller bull trend line, indicating more bearish strength, and then
again tested the bars 3 and 4 highs on the rally to bar 10.
Bar 10 was three pushes up from a sharp rally off bar 7, and this always has to
be considered a form of a wedge reversal pattern. This was as good a second-entry
short that a trader could hope to ﬁnd: a double top bear ﬂag made of a small wedge
in a two-legged rally to test the trend high (bar 4) after a major trend line break (to
bar 5), all occurring at a time when traders were looking for a setup to allow them
to go short with limited risk.

Figure 24.17
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
511
FIGURE 24.17
Best Trades on Daily Chart of GS
As shown in Figure 24.17, the best trade setups on this daily chart of Goldman Sachs
Group (GS) include the bar 3 higher high major trend reversal and small wedge top,
the higher low and small double bottom bull ﬂag after the bar 4 sell climax, the bar
7 higher high (above bar 5 and bar 3), ﬁnal ﬂag, and expanding triangle top (it was
the second entry for a large expanding triangle where bar 1 was the ﬁrst push and
bar 3 was the second, and it was the ﬁrst entry for a small expanding triangle where
the pause before bar 5 was the ﬁrst push and bar 5 was the second), the bar 8 lower
high, the low 2 and wedge bear ﬂag after bar 9, the bar 10 low 2 near the moving
average, and the bar 11 island bottom and expanding triangle bull ﬂag (bar 2 was
the ﬁrst push down and bar 4 was the second; remember, expanding triangle bull
ﬂags often follow expanding triangle tops).
Although a strong rally can be part of a bull trend, it can also simply be a test
of the top of a trading range, created by a sell vacuum. The bears expected the
market to move above the bar 3 high, so they waited to short until it got there.
They were bearish all the way up from bar 4, but it did not make sense for them
to short until they got the expected breakout above the bar 3 high. If they believe

512
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.17
that the market is going higher, it is foolish for them to short until it reaches a level
where they think it will not go much higher, which was at a new high. They saw the
market sell off when the rally to bar 3 moved above the prior bar 1 high, and they
expected the same to happen this time as well. Since this was the third push up,
they might have been shorting at the start of a protracted sell-off that should have
at least two legs. Since it was an expanding triangle top (bars 1, 2, 3, 4, and 7), a
reasonable objective was a move to below bar 4, where the market might then form
an expanding triangle bull ﬂag.
Bar 11 was a signal for a long entry in the expanding triangle bull ﬂag. Al-
though that was a reasonable trade, it was not as strong as the other reversals in
this chapter.

Figure 24.18
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
513
FIGURE 24.18
Best Trades in MSFT
As shown in Figure 24.18, the best trade setups on this 5 minute chart of Microsoft
(MSFT) include the bar 3 wedge bear ﬂag; the bar 4 lower low major trend reversal
and small wedge bottom; the bar 5 small and large low 2; the bar 6 higher low major
trend reversal, wedge bull ﬂag, and double bottom bull ﬂag; and the bar 9 two-
legged higher high major trend reversal, small spike and channel top, and wedge
bear ﬂag (bars 3, 7, and 9).
Although the rally to bar 3 broke well above the bear trend line, the sell-off
down to bar 4 then went far enough below bar 2 so that traders needed a higher
low before thinking that a trend reversal might be underway. Bar 6 was a higher
low and a two-bar reversal, and alert traders bought on the ﬁrst bar of the next day
as it traded above the two-bar reversal.
The rally to bar 9 was a two-legged higher high after the move down to bar 8
broke below the bull trend line. It was also three pushes up from the bar 4 low, with
bars 5 and 7 being the ﬁrst two pushes. Some traders saw the rally as a large wedge
bear ﬂag where bar 3 ended the ﬁrst push and bar 7 was the second.

514
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.19
FIGURE 24.19
Best Trades in ORCL
As shown in Figure 24.19, the best trade setups on this 5 minute chart of Oracle
(ORCL) include the bar 1 lower low major trend reversal (the rally off the prior low
broke above a steep bear trend line) and the bar 4 two-legged higher high major
trend reversal and small wedge top.
A sharp rally to the top of a trading range is usually due to a buy vacuum in-
stead of a new trend. The market has inertia, and when it is in a trading range, most
attempts to break out fail. The bears expected a test of the top of Oracle’s 5 minute
trading range of the past couple of days, so there was no reason to short until the
market reached that area. This made the market one-sided in the rally up to bar 2,
but once the market reached the top of the trading range, the bears appeared as
if out of nowhere. They now doubted the market would go much higher without a
pullback, and they shorted relentlessly. The three-push rally to bar 4 was an excel-
lent setup to short below the two-bar reversal.

Figure 24.20
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
515
FIGURE 24.20
Emini Opening Reversal
The best trade setups on the 5 minute Emini chart on the right in Figure 24.20
include the bar 6 opening reversal, the bar 7 ﬁnal ﬂag top and wedge top (the high
of the bar before bar 6 was the ﬁrst leg up, even though it was a bear bar), the
bar 8 wedge bull ﬂag and higher low, the bar 10 breakout pullback from the bar
9 breakout above the bear micro channel, the bar 11 low 2 and double top (with
the top of the wedge down to bar 8), the bar 12 large two-legged (bar 10 was the
ﬁrst push down) higher low major trend reversal (bar 12 was reversing up from the
small bear trend down to bar 10 and from the large bear trend that ended at bar 6),
and the bar 14 higher low major trend reversal and second entry breakout pullback
buy signal (it was also the right shoulder of a head and shoulders bottom, where
bar 10 was the left shoulder).
Although most academics and television pundits argue that all moves in the
overall market are based on the composite fundamentals of the individual stocks,
politics often creates huge moves. An obvious example is the incredible bull mar-
ket that took place when the Republicans took control of Congress in 1994, often
referred to as the Clinton super bull market. The crash of 2008 is another exam-
ple. Was this bear trend and panic sell-off caused by the subprime mess, or was it
the direct result of the country realizing that Barack Obama was going to win the
White House? Although you have to trade the charts based on what they show, it is

516
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.20
intellectually interesting to try to understand how politics can inﬂuence the market,
regardless of your political leanings.
Such a perfect day! If you look at the 5 minute chart on the right, the shape is
unremarkable for a higher low bear trend reversal, but you can see from the price
scale on the right of that chart that some of the bars were more than 30 points tall,
in contrast to a normal day when the bars might have an average range of about
two points. This is the market’s attempt to put at least a temporary bottom in after
the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 20 percent this week in the crash of 2008. I
had been telling my friends for over a year that the Dow would fall below 10,000
in 2008, because it appeared that we might have entered a multiyear trading range.
We might have put in a top and the selling could lead to much lower prices, but a
trading range is a more common and therefore more likely outcome.
Even though the Dow had a range of 1,000 points today, it was still just another
day at the ofﬁce for a price action trader. I cut my position size down to just 20 per-
cent of normal because I had to risk about 10 points on each Emini trade, yet I still
ended the day with more proﬁt than on an average day.
Today was Friday and the Dow had been down 200 to 700 points every day this
week, so an attempt at a reversal was likely. However, you had to be patient and
look for standard price action setups.
The chart on the left is a 60 minute chart, and bar D (it is also bar 6 on the
5 minute chart on the right) fell through the trend channel line built off bars A and
C (it is also bar 1 on the 5 minute chart), and then reversed up.
On the 5 minute chart, bar 6 formed a huge doji bar after the market fell below
the bar 2 to bar 4 trend channel line. Dojis are not great signal bars, but the market
was reversing trend channel line breakouts on both the 5 and 60 minute charts and
the Dow was down 700 points, so a tradable rally was likely.
Bar 7 broke above the bear trend line but formed a ﬁnal ﬂag top and two legs
up, so a pullback was likely. However, the move up from the bar 6 low was violent,
so it was likely that there would be a second leg up after a test of the bear trend
low. It was prudent to just patiently wait for a higher low (with that much upward
momentum, a lower low was not likely).
Bar 10 was a possible bottom since it was a lower low breakout pullback from
the bar 9 breakout of the wedge. However, the move down from bar 7 lasted more
than an hour or so and was very deep, so a second leg down was likely before the
ﬁnal bottom was in.
The move up to bar 11 broke another bear trend line, so the bulls were gaining
strength.
Bar 12 was a lower low compared to bar 10 and therefore a possible higher
low on the day, but the move down to bar 12 had too much momentum, so a test
was likely.

Figure 24.20
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
517
The bull leg to bar 13 had several bull trend bars and broke another bull
trend line.
Bar 14 was a good-sized bull reversal bar and a micro trend line pullback, as
well as a higher low compared to bar 12, so this could have been the ﬁnal low, which
it was. This turned bar 12 into the ﬁrst strong higher low after bar 6 and an excellent
test of that bear low. This was the trade of the day and the one that you needed to
be waiting for all day after the strong move up to bar 7. There were many other
trades today, but this one was easy to anticipate and it unfolded perfectly. There
were trend channel line overshoots on the 5 and 60 minute charts, a huge move
up to bar 7 making a higher low likely, a two-legged pullback to bar 12 forming a
possible 60 minute higher low, followed by a 5 minute higher low at bar 14 that
conﬁrmed the bar 12 higher low. You did not need the 60 minute chart to make this
trade, and I did not use it. I am including it to show that there were longer time
frame forces at work here as well and it is clear from the volume that institutions
were paying attention to them.
Bar 15 reversed down after a new high on the day.
The reversal up at the bar 10 two-bar reversal was an example of a setup with
about a 60 percent chance of making a swing proﬁt, and therefore was a great setup
for all traders, including beginners. Bar 4 was a gap bar in a bear trend, and that
often leads to a test of the bear low (bar 2, as this point) and then a rally that has
about ten bars and two legs as minimum objectives. The bear spike down to bar 6
was too strong for traders to buy. Bar 8 was a reasonable buy, since it was a second
reversal attempt from the breakout below bar 2, an expanding triangle bottom (the
third bar of the day was the ﬁrst push down and bar 2 was the second), a ﬁnal
ﬂag reversal from the bar 7 bear ﬂag, and a strong bull reversal bar. Expanding
triangle bottoms are always major trend reversal setups. However, since the legs
up to bar 4 and down to bar 6 were so large, most traders would not call this a
major trend reversal and instead would refer to it in other terms (although it was
almost certainly a great looking major trend reversal on the 15 minute chart). Bar 10
was the second entry in an already strong pattern. Traders bought above the bar 10
high, which was the second bar of the two-bar reversal, and their initial protective
stop was below its low. They took partial or full proﬁts once the market reached
twice the risk, and let the remainder of their position swing up, trailing stops below
the most recent higher low. Some would have exited below the bar 19 double top
(with bar 4), and wedge (bars 12, 14, and 19, and bars 14, 16, and 19), and others
would have held, keeping their stops below bar 17.

518
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.21
FIGURE 24.21
Treasury Note Final Flag
As shown in Figure 24.21, the best trade setups on this 5 minute 10-Year U.S. Trea-
sury Note Futures chart include the ﬁnal ﬂag reversals at bars 4, 7, and 10; the small
low 2 at bar 3; the high 1 at bar 6; and the wedge bear ﬂag second entry at bar 11.
Final ﬂags often provide high-probability reversal trades.
Bar 4 was a two-bar reversal after a horizontal bear ﬂag that had only a single
bear body. The bull bodies in the bear ﬂag were a sign of buying pressure.
Although the huge bar 5 bull trend bar was climactic, the bar 6 high 1 was a
reasonable buy setup for at least a scalp up after such strong momentum. Also,
there were trapped bears who shorted below the bear inside bar, and they would
have covered above bar 6.
Bar 7 was the ﬁrst bar of a two-bar reversal where the second bar was a strong
bear trend bar. The reversal occurred just above the bar 5 high, so the bulls ap-
parently were eager to take proﬁts, and the bears were just waiting for the market
to get above bar 5 before shorting. This was a good ﬁnal ﬂag short setup, espe-
cially since the bar before bar 7 was another large bull trend bar and therefore a
second buy climax. Consecutive buy climaxes are usually followed by at least a
two-legged correction.
Bar 10 was a relatively large doji reversal bar and a signal bar for the reversal
up from the ii ﬁnal ﬂag breakout (ii patterns often become ﬁnal ﬂags). It was also a
wedge bull ﬂag where bar 6 was the ﬁrst push down and bar 9 was the second.

Figure 24.21
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
519
Bar 11 was the second signal for a reversal down from the horizontal ﬁnal bull
ﬂag that followed the small spike up from bar 10. It was also a wedge bear ﬂag
where the bull inside bar after bar 9 was the ﬁrst push up and the rally from bar
10 was the second. Finally, it was a moving average gap bar short after the strong
trend down to bar 10.
Bars 12 and 13 were setups for two-bar reversals up, but they never triggered.
The market never traded above the signal bars. Bar 12 was seen by some traders as
a setup for a ﬁnal ﬂag buy where the tight trading range leading up to bar 12 was
the potential ﬁnal ﬂag in the sell-off from bar 12.

520
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.22
FIGURE 24.22
Best Trades in the Emini with Two-Sided Trading
The best trade setups on the 5 minute Emini chart shown in Figure 24.22 include
the two-bar reversal up from the low of the prior day that formed three bars after
bar 1, the double top at bar 3, the wedge bear ﬂag at bar 7, and the bar 9 small ﬁnal
ﬂag and reversal up in a trending trading range day and stairs pattern.
When a day is not a trend day, it is a trading range day, or at least it will have a
lot of two-sided trading.
Bar 2 took out the high of the open, so smart traders would have been looking
for a second-entry short, which came at the bar 3 double top. The initial swing of
the day often begins with a double top or bottom. The range was about half of an
average daily range, so the day was likely to have a breakout and become a trending
trading range day up or down, and then later have a pullback to test the breakout
of the initial range.
The bear spike to bar 4 turned the market into an always-in bear day, so traders
were looking to short rallies and expected a downside breakout and then about a
measured move down. The bull channel to bar 6 was a three-push rally and had
many overlapping bars and several minor reversal attempts. It was much weaker
than the sell-off to bar 4. Once traders decided that there was not going to be
a strong bull breakout above the channel, they believed that the channel was a
bear ﬂag and would be followed by a bear trend. Bar 6 missed the breakeven stops

Figure 24.22
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
521
below bar 3 by a tick, which was a sign of strength by the bears. They successfully
defended their stops by aggressively shorting more at bar 6.
Aggressive traders would have placed limit orders to go short at or above the
doji bar that followed the bar 6 two-bar reversal. They saw this as a weak high 1
buy setup that was likely to fail.
Bar 9 was a strong bull reversal bar, but since it overlapped so much of the
prior bar, it functioned as a two-bar reversal. Since its high was at the high of the
prior bar, it did not matter if a trader saw it as a two-bar reversal or as a bull reversal
bar. In either case, it was a strong reversal setup on a trending trading range day
and was in the area of a measured move down, and it followed the bar 8 ﬁnal ﬂag. It
was also the third push down on the day. All of these factors led traders to believe
that the market would have at least a two-legged rally that would test the bar 4 low.
Buying as bar 9 moved above the bull reversal bar before it was an entry that had
about a 60 percent chance of leading to a proﬁtable swing trade, and therefore was
a strong setup for all traders, including beginners. The bull reversal bar was a strong
signal bar for the reversal up from the low 2 ﬁnal ﬂag that triggered below bar 8,
and for the large parabolic wedge bottom (the ﬁrst push down ended three bars
after bar 1 and the second push down ended at bar 4). Although bar 9 was a bear
bar, it did not hit the protective stop below the bull signal bar. Other traders bought
above bar 9, since it was a second-entry buy signal as a micro double bottom with
the bull signal bar. It was likely to go up for at least a measured move based on the
height of the micro double bottom (about twice the height of the move up from the
bottom of the bull bar to the top of bar 9), and since there was a large bottoming
pattern, it was likely to go up much further, like for at least ten bars and two legs.
Note that there were several minor reversals and that most reversals come from
double tops and bottoms, micro double tops and bottoms, and ﬁnal ﬂags, as is al-
ways the case. Many traders will not take a reversal trade unless one of these is
present.

522
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.23
FIGURE 24.23
Several Best Trades in the Emini with No Clear Trend
As shown in Figure 24.23, the best trades on this 5 minute Emini chart include the
bar 1 two-bar reversal after the gap spike and channel bottom; the bar 2 reversal
at a new high of the day and spike and channel top; the bar 3 micro channel failed
breakout (a low 1); the bar 5 third push down on the day, lower low, and ﬁnal ﬂag
breakout and reversal up at the bottom of a trading range; and the bar 6 double top,
spike and channel top, low 4, and top of a trading range.
On a day that is not a clear trend day, traders should look to fade new extremes,
especially second entries and wedges.
Bar 1 was a wedge reversal with a strong reversal bar.
Bar 2 was a wedge top, a double top, and a second-entry moving average gap
bar short.
Bar 3 was a signal bar for the breakout test, which hit the breakeven stops of
the shorts below bar 2.
Bar 4 was a doji in a steep decline. Since it might have just turned into a one-
or two-bar bear ﬂag, traders waited for a second entry to buy. Aggressive traders
would have bought on a limit order at or below the low of the bar after bar 4,

Figure 24.23
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
523
expecting an attempt at a second leg up. They saw this as a weak low 1 short setup
and therefore likely to fail.
Bar 5 was a reversal up from the second attempt to break out to a new low
below low 1. The inside bar that formed the signal bar had a bull close.
Bar 6 was a low 4 short that reversed after breaking out above the bar 3
swing high.

524
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.24
FIGURE 24.24
With a 50 Percent Chance of Success, the Reward Must Be Twice
as Large as the Risk
Even though selling in the middle of a trading range might have only about a
50 percent chance of success, if the reward is twice the size of the risk, it can be
a best trade. As shown in Figure 24.24, the 5 minute Emini, which had been in a
strong bull trend for several weeks, had a moving average gap bar at bar 7. This of-
ten leads to the ﬁnal test of the bull high before a deeper correction that has at least
a couple of legs. The small gap opening down to bar 10 was immediately followed
by a rally to just above the moving average. The bears were looking for a second
leg down, but were unsure if the one-bar drop to bar 10 was enough to constitute a
ﬁrst leg. When a move is unclear, there are usually not enough traders who believe
that it will succeed, and therefore not enough traders are willing to bet on it. The
result is that there is no follow-through until there is more clarity. The two-legged
move to bar 12 led to a two-legged rally to bar 13, which some traders saw as a
small wedge bear ﬂag. Others saw it as the right shoulder of a head and shoulders
top where bar 6 was the left shoulder. Some also saw it as a double top bear ﬂag
with bar 11. It was a high that was below the bar 9 high and below the high around
bar 11, and it could have been the start of a larger second leg down.
Since shorting below bar 11 was in the middle of a two-day trading range, the
directional probability of an equidistant move was about 50 percent. There was

Figure 24.24
THE BEST TRADES: PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
525
about a 50 percent chance of a one-point move up before a one-point move down,
and a 50 percent chance of a one-point move down before a one-point move up.
The same was true for two, three, or four points. In general, when the market is in a
trading range and it is up for ﬁve to 10 bars, traders should only look for shorts. Bar
11 was the eighth bar since the opening low, and the bar that followed it marked the
third time that the market had fallen below the low of the prior bar. Traders could
have shorted here or even on the ﬁrst or second attempt down, hoping that enough
traders saw this as a potential lower high so that there would be more selling. Since
it was not convincing, the move down did not begin until after a clearer lower high
at bar 13.
So why was shorting around bar 11 a best trade when there was only a 50 per-
cent chance of success and it was in the middle of a trading range in a bull trend?
Remember that the trader’s equation has three variables and that you have to con-
sider reward and risk in addition to probability. Since the average daily range in
the Emini had been over 10 points for the past month or so and today’s range was
only two points, and there were only a handful of days in the past couple of years
when the range was under ﬁve or six points, the odds were high that today’s range
was going to double or triple before the close. The problem was that traders did
not know if the breakout would be up or down, or both. Since the market was up
for eight bars in a trading range, the odds favored a move down in the near term.
Traders could simply have shorted and put a protective stop above the bar 11 signal
bar, placed a one cancels the other (OCO) limit order four points below the entry,
and then patiently waited. Since there was so much uncertainty, they could take
this trade only if they were willing to sit through pullbacks, which were inevitable
in a trading range. The actual risk was only four ticks, so traders were risking four
ticks to make 16 ticks and they had about a 50 percent chance of success. This
made this an excellent trade even though it might not have appeared so at the time.
Once there was a large bear breakout bar and then the immediate follow-
through at bar 12, the market was always-in short for most traders, and they would
assume that it would stay that way unless there was an always-in buy signal or until
the market went above the top of the bear spike that had begun with the small bear
bar after bar 11. Bar 13 tested the high of that bar to the tick, and the market even-
tually sold off to bar 19. The bar 19 low was 17 ticks below the bar 11 signal bar,
and bar 19 had a bull body. This was a possible 17 tick failure, meaning that many
bears were taking proﬁts on their shorts at 16 ticks below the signal bar instead of
17 ticks below. They were getting out one tick shy of a four-point move, which was
a sign that the bears were weak. The market hit the limit order for the shorts to exit
with a four-tick proﬁt, and the bar turned into a bull reversal bar. Most bears would
have exited above the bar 19 bull reversal bar because of the 17 tick failure, taking
11 ticks’ proﬁt instead of hoping for the market to go back down and give them the
16 ticks that they had originally planned to make.

526
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
Figure 24.24
This was the week before Christmas, and the average daily range around the
holidays is usually less. There were several days in the past couple of weeks when
the range was under seven points. Also, since the initial risk was only four ticks
instead of the usually seven or eight ticks, many traders assumed that the smaller
risk and the smaller recent average range meant that the chance of making four
points might also be smaller. Many of these traders bet on the 17 tick failure and
placed their limit orders at 15 ticks below their entry price instead of six ticks be-
low. Whenever a move has an increased chance of coming up short, many traders
will use a limit order that is one tick less than usual, knowing that the market of-
ten hits the obvious target price, but reverses instead of ﬁlling the proﬁt-taking
limit orders. Other traders would have instead placed proﬁt-taking limit orders at
three points below their entry price, and they obviously would have made their
three points.

C H A P T E R 2 5
Trading
Guidelines
W
hy guidelines and not rules? Because “rules” imply absolutes and easy
trading if only you follow them. However, trading is subjective, your edge
is always going to be small, and it is very difﬁcult to get to the point where
you are consistently successful. If there were clear, objective rules and they con-
sistently resulted in proﬁtable trades, everyone would soon discover them. There
would quickly be no one left to take the opposite side of the trade, and the rules
would then stop working.
Here are 78 suggested guidelines.
1. Reading these 570,000 words is like reading a detailed manual on how to do
anything, such as playing golf or a violin. It takes a lot of hard work to turn
the information into the ability to make a living as a trader, but it is impossible
without understanding how markets work. Like being a professional golfer or
violinist, no matter how good you get, you always want to be better, so the
challenge and satisfaction last long after you become consistently proﬁtable.
2. Everything that you see is in a gray fog. Nothing is perfectly clear. Close is
close enough. If something looks like a reliable pattern, it will likely trade like
a reliable pattern.
3. There is no easy set of reliable rules to make money as a trader, and everything
is subjective. This is a zero-sum game with very smart players, so when an
edge exists, it is small and ﬂeeting. For a trader to make money, he has to be
consistently better than half of the other traders out there (or more accurately,
trade a positive trader’s equation more than half of the time). Since most of the
527

528
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
competitors are proﬁtable institutions, a trader has to be very good. However,
edges appear constantly, and if you learn to spot them and understand how to
trade them, you are in a position to make money.
4. The edge can never get very large because institutions would take advantage
of it as it was growing. A trade cannot have a high probability of making a big
reward relative to the risk.
5. Reading charts well is difﬁcult, but it is only half of what you need to know to
make money. You also need to learn to trade, which is just as difﬁcult. Trading
successfully always has been and will always continue to be hard to do, no mat-
ter what method you use. If there were an easy way to make money, everyone
would do it and then there would be no trapped traders to drive the market to
your target. Read a book that teaches you how to play the violin and then go
out to see if the world will give you money to hear you play. Just because you
understand how to do something does not mean that you can do it effectively,
especially if it is difﬁcult to do.
6. A trader needs a mathematical advantage to make money. At every moment,
there is always a mathematical edge for both a long and a short trade, but the
edges are usually not clear. When they are relatively clear, they are ﬂeeting and
small. However, those are the times when traders need to place their trades.
7. The ability to spot trades that have a positive trader’s equation is the key to
success. That can mean buying above a bar on a stop, selling above a bar with
a limit order, buying below a bar with a limit order, or selling below a bar on
a stop.
8. The single most important determination that a trader makes, and he makes
this after the close of every bar, is whether there will be more buyers or sellers
above and below the prior bar. This is particularly true with breakouts and
failed breakouts, because the move that follows usually determines the always-
in direction and therefore lasts for many points and is not just a scalp.
9. Every time you buy above the high of the prior bar on a stop, someone else
is shorting there with a limit order. When you sell one tick below the low of
the prior bar, there is a strong bull who is taking the other side of your trade.
Always remember that nothing is certain, and the edge is always small because
there are smart people who believe the exact opposite of what you do.
10. Every bar, even a strong trend bar, is a signal bar for both directions, and the
market can begin a trend up or down on the next bar. Be open to all possibil-
ities, including the exact opposite of what you expect, and when the surprise
happens, don’t question or deny it. Just read it and trade it.
11. Every time you look to enter a setup, make sure to consider what the mar-
ket is telling you if instead it breaks out of the opposite end of the signal bar.

TRADING GUIDELINES
529
Sometimes that buy setup that you see might in fact also be a great sell setup be-
cause it will trap longs who will cover below the low of the signal or entry bars.
12. Understanding trend bars that create breakouts is one of the most important
skills that a trader can acquire. Traders need to be able to assess whether a
breakout is likely to succeed, or it will be met with proﬁt taking and a pullback,
or it will be followed by a reversal.
13. Look for signs of strength and weakness and weigh them to determine if they
give you an edge. If you see the market doing something, assess how strong
the setup is. Did it fail to take an opportunity to do something strong? If so, the
setup is weaker.
14. Whenever you are positive that your setup is good, don’t take the trade. You
are missing something. You don’t see what the person who is taking the other
side of your trade is seeing, and that person is just as smart as you are. Be
humble. If you are too conﬁdent, your arrogance will make you lose because
you will be using unrealistically high probabilities in your evaluation of the
trader’s equation.
15. Much of life is not what it seems. In fact, the famous mathematician Charles
Lutwidge Dodgson was not what he seemed to be and is better known as Lewis
Carroll. We work in an Alice in Wonderland world where nothing is really as
it seems. Up is not always up and down is not always down. Just look at most
strong breakouts of trading ranges—they usually fail, and up is really the start
of down and down is really just part of up. Also, 60 percent is 60 percent in
only 90 percent of the cases and can be 90 percent sometimes and 10 percent
at other times. If a good setup is 60 percent, how can you win 80 percent or
more of the time? Well, in a pullback in a strong trend just above support, a
setup might work 60 percent of the time, but if you can scale in as the market
goes lower, especially if your subsequent entries are larger, you might ﬁnd that
you win in 80 percent or more of those 60 percent setups. Also, if you use a very
wide stop and are willing to sit through a large drawdown for a couple of hours,
that 60 percent chance of making two points before losing two points in the
Emini might be a 90 percent chance of making four points before losing eight
points. If you are ﬂexible and comfortable with constantly changing probabili-
ties and many probabilities coexisting, your chance of success is much greater.
16. The single most important thing that you can do all day is talk yourself out of
bad trades. For example, if it is a trading range day, don’t look to buy after a
strong bull trend bar or a high 1 near the top of the range, and don’t look to
short after a strong bear trend bar or low 1 near the bottom of the range.
17. The market constantly exhibits inertia and tends to continue what it has just
been doing. If it is in a trend, 80 percent of the attempts to reverse it will fail

530
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
and lead to a ﬂag and then a resumption of the trend. If it is in a trading range,
80 percent of the attempts to break out into a trend will fail.
18. If ever you feel twisted inside because a pullback is going too far, you are likely
mistakenly seeing a pullback when in fact the trend has reversed.
19. If you think the market rationally should be going up, but instead it is offering
you a strong sell setup, take it. Trade the trade that you have and not the one
that you want or expect, because “the market can stay irrational much longer
than you can stay solvent” (a quote attributed to John Maynard Keynes).
20. Price is truth. Never argue with what the market is telling you. For a day trader,
fundamentals are almost entirely useless. The market will tell you where it
is going and it cannot hide what it is doing. Neither you nor the experts on
television can know how the market will react to the fundamentals, although
those experts often speak with certainty. Since the market is rarely more than
60 percent certain of anything, whenever pundits speak with certainty, they are
ignoring math and therefore the most basic characteristic of the market. If you
follow someone who is indifferent to or ignorant of how markets work, you
will lose money.
21. Everything makes sense. If you know how to read price action, nothing will
surprise you, because you will understand what the market is doing. Beginners
can see it on a printout at the end of the day. The goal is to learn how to read
fast enough so that you can understand what is happening in real time.
22. “It’s not fair!” If that is how you are feeling, take a break from trading. You
are absolutely right—it is not fair, but that is because it is all based on mathe-
matics, and fairness is never one of the variables. If you are concerned about
fairness, you are not synchronized with the market. Computer programs con-
trol all market activity, and they have no concept of fairness; they never get
tired, they don’t remember what their last trade was, and they are relentlessly
objective. Since they are making money, you need to try to emulate their quali-
ties. They cannot hide what they are doing, and your job is to see what they are
doing and then copy them. Yes, you will enter after their ﬁrst entry, but they
will continue to enter after you do, and they are the force that will drive the
market far enough to give you your proﬁt.
23. Price action is based on human behavior and therefore has a genetic basis. This
is why it works in all markets in all countries and on all time frames and it has
always worked and always will inescapably reﬂect human behavior, at least
until we evolve into a new species.
24. Always have a protective stop in the market because it protects you from the
greatest danger you will ever face as a trader. That danger is not the market,
which could not care less whether you win or lose, never knows that you exist,

TRADING GUIDELINES
531
and is never out to get you. It is yourself, and all of your inadequacies as a
trader, including denial, arrogance, and a lack of discipline.
25. Thinking is very difﬁcult. Losers prefer instead to look with religious zeal
for a savior who will protect them from losing money. Saviors can be conﬁ-
dent, impressive experts with outstanding credentials on TV, famous writers of
newsletters, chat room leaders, indicators, or any other external idol into which
traders infuse the power to protect them and take them to the Promised Land.
Instead, they will all slowly suck the last dollar from your account. You will not
make money until you do your own analysis and ignore all external inﬂuences
that promise you success, but in fact exist only to make money for themselves
and not you. The experts on TV hope to establish credibility that they can use to
sell their services or get a promotion, the TV station makes money off commer-
cials, the chat room and newsletter people sell their services, and the software
company that gives you indicators does so for a fee. No one is going to help you
in the long run, so never fool yourself into believing that you can make money
with the help of all of those nice people.
26. Those who talk don’t know and those who know don’t talk. Don’t watch TV or
read any news.
27. If you ﬁnd that you did not take a couple of Emini trades in a row and they
worked, you are likely trading too large a position size. Switch to trading 100 to
300 shares of SPY and swing for at least 20 to 50 cents. Even though you won’t
get rich, at least you will make some money and build your conﬁdence. If you
think that you can comfortably trade three Emini contracts per trade, then you
should trade just one. This will make it much easier for you to take every signal.
If you trade three Eminis, you will let many good signals go because you really
are comfortable trading only three contracts in the rare case of a perfect signal.
You need to be trading a size where you are comfortable with any decent signal
and remain comfortable if you lose two or three times in a row. One indicator of
this comfort is your ability to take the next trade after those losses. If you feel
too uncomfortable and are really waiting for perfection, you are still trading too
much volume. Once you start cherry-picking, you are on the path to a blown
account. Your emotions are a burden and give an edge to your opponents, as is
the case in any competition.
28. “I don’t care!” That is the most useful mantra. I don’t care if I lose on this trade,
because I am trading a small enough size that a loss will not upset me and cloud
my judgment. I don’t care what the experts are saying on TV or in the Wall
Street Journal. I don’t care what is happening on the 3 and 1 minute charts or
on volume or tick charts, and I don’t care about missing all of the wonderful
signals that those charts are generating, because if the trades really are good,
they will lead to 5 minute signals as well. I don’t care that the market is way

532
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
overdone and is due for a correction. I don’t care about indicators, especially
squiggly lines that show divergences in a huge trend (meanwhile, there has
been no trend line break), but I do care about the one chart in front of me and
what it is telling me. I also care about following my rules and not allowing any
outside inﬂuence talk me out of doing what my rules are telling me.
29. If you are afraid of taking a great trade because your stop would have to be
too far, reduce your position size to maybe a quarter of normal so that your
total dollar risk is no larger than for your usual trades. You need to get into the
“I don’t care” mode to be able to take these trades. By cutting your position size,
you can focus on the quality of the setup instead of being preoccupied with the
dollars that you can lose if the trade fails. However, ﬁrst spot a good setup
before adopting the “I don’t care” mind-set, because you don’t want to be so
apathetic about the dollars that you begin to take weak setups and then go on
to lose money.
30. The market is never certain when it has gone far enough, but it is always certain
when it has gone too far. Most reversals require excess before traders believe
that the reversal will work. Market inertia can be stopped only by excess.
31. It is difﬁcult to reverse a position. For most traders, it is far better to exit, even
with a loss, and then look for another setup in the new direction.
32. There are no reliable countertrend patterns so, unless you are a consistently
proﬁtable trader, never trade countertrend unless there ﬁrst has been a strong
break of a signiﬁcant trend line, and the signal is a reasonable setup for an
always-in reversal. When you are shorting below that great bear reversal bar in
a strong bull trend, far smarter traders are buying with limit orders at the low
of your signal bar. When you are buying on a stop above a bull reversal bar in
a strong bear trend, smarter traders are shorting exactly where you are buying.
Since 80 percent of reversals fail, who do you think is making the money?
33. Any reversal setup is a good reason to take partial or full proﬁts, but the setup
has to be strong if you are considering a countertrend trade. Since 80 percent
of reversals fail, it is far better to view each top as the start of a bull ﬂag and
each bottom as the start of a bear ﬂag.
34. Too early is always worse than too late. Since most reversals and breakouts
fail, an early entry will likely fail. Since most trends go a long way, entering late
is usually still a good trade.
35. All patterns fail and the failures often fail, and when they do, they create
a breakout pullback in the original direction and have a high probability
of success.
36. When you see that one side is suddenly trapped, the reliability of a scalp in
the opposite direction goes up. Trapped traders will be forced out as you are

TRADING GUIDELINES
533
getting in, and they will likely wait for more price action before entering again
in their original direction, so the only traders left will be in your direction.
37. Seeing traders getting trapped out of a trade on a stop run is as reliable a signal
as seeing them getting trapped in a trade. If the market suddenly runs stops and
then resumes its trend, this is a reliable setup for at least a scalper’s proﬁt.
38. Wait. If the market has not given any signals for 30 to 60 minutes and you ﬁnd
yourself checking your e-mail or talking on the phone with your daughter away
at college, and suddenly the market makes a large bull trend bar that breaks
out of a trading range, wait. You’ve lost touch with the market and it is trying
to trap you in. Never make a quick decision to place a trade, especially on a
sudden, large trend bar. If it turns into a great trade and you miss it, you will
still be ahead overall because the odds are against you when you take trades
under these circumstances. Yes, some will be winners, but if you review all of
the times that you took these trades, you will discover that you lost money.
39. You don’t have to trade. You goal as a trader is to make money, not to make
trades, so take a trade only when it will help you achieve your goal. There
will be many other signals all day long, so wait for a good one, and don’t be
upset when you miss good trades. Many beginners want excitement and tend
to overtrade. Many great traders ﬁnd trading to be lonely and boring, but very
proﬁtable. Everyone wants to trade, but you should want to make money more
than you want to trade. You should take only trades that are likely to make
money, not simply relieve your tension from not having placed a trade in an
hour or two.
40. Simple is better. You don’t need indicators, and you should look at only one
chart. If you can’t make money off a single chart with no indicators, adding
more things to analyze will just make it more difﬁcult. Also, trade only the very
best setups until you are consistently proﬁtable. The single biggest problem
with using two charts is that there is a natural tendency to take only signals
that occur simultaneously on both charts, which rarely happens. You end up
rejecting most of the day’s great signals because the second chart does not
have a signal or the signal occurred two ticks earlier. For example, if you see
a great high 2 pullback to the exponential moving average in a bull trend on
the 5 minute chart and then look at the 2 or 3 minute chart and see that it gave
an entry two ticks earlier, you might not take the 5 minute entry because you
will be afraid that the move will stop at the 2 minute scalper’s target and never
reach the 5 minute target.
41. Decide whether this is a hobby or a job. If it is a hobby, ﬁnd another one
because this one will be too expensive and it is dangerously addictive. All
great traders are likely trading addicts, but most trading addicts will likely end
up broke.

534
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
42. Begin trading using a 5 minute chart, entering on a pullback and using a stop
order for your entry. When the market is in a bull trend, look to buy above a
bull bar at the moving average. When it is in a bear trend, look to short below a
bear bar at the moving average. Take some or all off on a limit order at a proﬁt
target around the prior extreme of the trend, and then move the protective stop
to breakeven on any remaining contracts.
43. When starting out, you should consider trading the SPY instead of the Emini.
One Emini is virtually identical to 500 SPY shares, and trading 200 to 500 SPY
shares would allow you to scale out as you swing part of your trade, yet not
incur much risk. Once you reach 1,000 to 1,500 SPY shares, if you are thinking
that you will continue to increase your position size, then switch to the Emini.
At that size, you can scale out of the Emini and you can increase your position
size tremendously without slippage being a signiﬁcant issue.
44. Buy low and sell high, except in a clear and strong trend (see Part I in book 1 on
trends). In a bull trend, buy high 2 setups even if they are at the high of the day;
in a bear trend, sell low 2 setups. However, the market is in a trading range for
the vast majority of the time. For example, if the market has been going up for
a few bars and there is now a buy signal near the top of this leg up, ask yourself
if you believe that the market is in one of the established clear and strong bull
trend patterns described in these books. If you cannot convince yourself that it
is, don’t buy high, even if the momentum looks great, since the odds are great
that you will be trapped. Remember Warren Buffett’s version of the old saw,
“Be afraid when others are greedy and be greedy when others are afraid.”
45. The two most important feelings for the media and for beginners are fear and
greed. Proﬁtable traders feel neither. For them, the two most important feelings
are uncertainty (confusion) and urgency, and they use both to make money.
Every bar and every segment of every market is either a trend or a trading
range. When a trader is certain, the market is in a strong trend. When he feels a
sense of urgency, like he wants to buy as the market is going up (or short as it is
going down) but is desperate for a pullback, the market is in a strong trend. He
will buy at least a small position at the market instead of waiting for a pullback.
46. When a trader is uncertain or confused, the market is in a trading range and he
should only buy low and sell high. If he wants to take many trades, only scalp.
Uncertainty means that the market has a lot of two-sided trading and therefore
might be forming a trading range. Since most breakout attempts fail, it is better
to only look to short if you are uncertain and the market is up for ﬁve to 10
bars, and only look for longs when it is down for ﬁve to 10 bars.
47. When there is a trading range, buy low means that if the market is near the
bottom of the range and you are short, you can buy back your short for a proﬁt,
and if there is a strong buy signal, you can buy to initiate a long. Likewise, when

TRADING GUIDELINES
535
the market is toward the top of the range, you sell high. This selling can be to
take your proﬁt on your long, or, if there is a good short setup, you can sell to
initiate a short position.
48. Good ﬁll, bad trade. Always be suspicious if the market lets you in or out at a
price that is better than you anticipated. The corollary of bad ﬁll, good trade is
not as reliable.
49. The ﬁrst hour or two is usually the easiest time to make money, because the
swings tend to be large and there are not many doji bars. The ﬁrst hour is the
easiest time to lose money as well, because you are overly conﬁdent about how
easy it might be, and you don’t follow your rules carefully. The ﬁrst hour usually
has many reversals, so patiently wait for a swing setup, which will generally
have less than a 50 percent chance of success but a potential reward that is
at least twice as large as the risk. Experienced traders can scalp. If you don’t
follow your rules and are in the red, you’ve missed the easiest time of the day
to make money, which means that you will be unhappy all day as you hope to
get back to breakeven in trading that is much slower and less proﬁtable.
50. If you are down on the day and you are now in the second half of the day, it
can feel like you are swimming in quicksand—the harder you try to get out, the
deeper you sink. Even great traders simply fail to connect emotionally with the
ﬂow of the market some days and they will occasionally lose, even though a
printout of the 5 minute chart at the end of the day will be shockingly clear.
The smartest thing to do is just make sure that you follow your rules into the
close, and you will likely win back some of your losses. The worst thing to do
is to modify your trading style, which is probably why you are down on the day.
Don’t increase your position size and start trading lower-probability setups. If
you have an approach that makes you money, stick with it and you will earn
back your loss tomorrow. Using a different approach will only cost you more.
51. Beginners should avoid trading in the middle of the day when the market is in
the middle of a day’s range, especially if the moving average is relatively ﬂat
and the trading range is tight and has prominent tails (barbwire). When you are
about to take any trade, always ask yourself if the setup is one of the best of
the day. Is this the one that the institutions have been waiting for all day? If the
answer is no and you are not a consistently proﬁtable trader, then you should
not take the trade, either.
52. A tight trading range is the worst environment for entering on stops. The insti-
tutions are doing the opposite, and you will consistently lose if you insist on
trading, hoping that a trend is about to begin.
53. A tight trading range trumps everything. That means that it is more important
than every good reason that you have to buy or sell. Unless you are a great

536
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
trader, once you sense that a tight trading range might be forming, force your-
self to not take any trades, even if you don’t trade for hours.
54. Every bar and every series of bars is either a trend or a trading range. Pick
one. Decide on the always-in direction and trade only in that direction until it
changes. Throughout the day and especially around 8:30 a.m. PST, you need
to be deciding whether the day resembles any trend pattern described in these
books. If it does and you are looking to take any trade, you must take every
with-trend trade. Never consider taking a countertrend trade if you haven’t
been taking all of the with-trend trades.
55. The best signal bars are trend bars in the direction of your trade. Doji bars
are one-bar trading ranges and therefore usually terrible signal bars. You will
usually lose if you buy above a trading range or sell below one.
56. Most countertrend setups fail, and most with-trend setups succeed. Do the
math and decide which you should be trading. Trends constantly form great-
looking countertrend setups and lousy-looking with-trend setups. If you trade
countertrend, you are gambling and, although you will often win and have fun,
the math is against you and you will slowly but surely go broke. Countertrend
setups in strong trends almost always fail and become great with-trend setups,
especially on the 1 minute chart.
57. You will not make consistent money until you stop trading countertrend scalps.
You will win often enough to keep you trying to improve your technique, but
over time your account will slowly disappear. Remember, your risk will likely
have to be as large as your proﬁt target, so it will usually take six winners just to
get back to breakeven after four losses, and this is a very depressing prospect.
Realistically, you should scalp only if you can win 60 percent of the time, and
most traders should avoid any trade where the potential reward is not at least
as large as the risk. Beginners should scalp only with the trend, if at all.
58. Until you are consistently proﬁtable, take only trades where your potential re-
ward is at least as large as your risk. If you need to risk two points in the Emini,
do not take your proﬁt until you have at least two points. Most traders should
not scalp for a reward that is smaller than the risk, because they will lose money
even if they win on 60 percent of their trades. Remember the trader’s equa-
tion. The chance of winning times your potential reward has to be signiﬁcantly
greater than the chance of losing times your risk. You cannot risk two points
to make one point and hope to make a proﬁt unless you are right at least 80
percent of the time, and very few traders are that good.
59. The trader’s equation has three variables, and any setup with a positive result
is a good trade. This can be a trade with a high probability of success and a
reward only equal to the risk, one with a low probability of success and a huge
reward relative to risk, or anything in between.

TRADING GUIDELINES
537
60. Experienced traders can scale into (or out of) trades to improve their trader’s
equation. For example, the initial entry might have a relatively low probability
of success, but subsequent entries might have signiﬁcantly higher probabilities,
improving the trader’s equation for the entire position.
61. You will not make money until you start trading with-trend pullbacks.
62. You will not make money trading reversals until you wait for a break of a sig-
niﬁcant trend line and then for a strong reversal bar on a test of the trend’s
extreme.
63. You will not make money unless you know what you are doing. Print out the
5 minute Emini chart every day (and stock charts, if you trade stocks) and
write on the chart every setup that you see. When you see several price action
features, write them all on the chart. Do this every day for years until you can
look at any part of any chart and instantly understand what is happening.
64. You will not make money in the long term until you know enough about your
personality to ﬁnd a trading style that is compatible. You need to be able to
follow your rules comfortably, allowing you to enter and exit trades with mini-
mal or no uncertainty or anxiety. Once you have mastered a method of trading,
if you feel stress while trading, then you haven’t yet found either your style
or yourself.
65. You will not make money if you lose your discipline and take risky trades in
the ﬁnal couple of hours that you would never take in the ﬁrst couple of hours.
You will invariably give back those earnings from earlier in the day that fooled
you into thinking that you are a better trader than you really are.
66. You are competing against computers. They have the edge of speed, so it is
usually best not to trade during a report, because that is when their speed
edge is greatest. They also have the edge of not being emotional, so don’t trade
when you are upset or distracted. Third, they have the edge of never getting
tired, so don’t trade when you are worn out, which often happens at the end of
the day.
67. Always look for two legs. Also, when the market tries to do something twice
and fails both times, that is a reliable signal that it will likely succeed in doing
the opposite.
68. Never cherry-pick, because you will invariably pick enough rotten cherries to
end up a loser. The good trades catch you by surprise and are easy to miss, and
you are then left with the not-so-good trades and the bad trades. Either swing
trade and look to take only the best two or three of the best setups of the day
or scalp and take every valid setup. The latter, however, is the more difﬁcult
alternative and is only for people with very unusual personalities (even more
unusual than the rest of us traders!).

538
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER
69. Finding winners is easy, but avoiding losers is hard. The key to success is avoid-
ing the losers. There can be far more winners each day than losers, but a few
losers can ruin your day, so learn to spot them in advance and avoid them.
Most occur: in the middle of the range with weak setup bars, like small dojis
with closes in the middle; when you are entering a possible reversal too early
(remember, when in doubt, wait for the second entry); when you are in denial
of a trend and think that it has gone too far so you start taking 1 or 3 minute
reversal entries, which turn into great with-trend setups when they fail (as they
invariably will); or, when a very credible, well-credentialed technical analyst
from a top ﬁrm proclaims on TV that the bottom is in, and you then only see
buy setups, which invariably fail because the expert in fact is an idiot who can-
not trade (if he could, he would be trading and not proclaiming).
70. If you are in a trade and it is not doing what you expected, should you get out?
Look at the market and pretend that you are ﬂat. If you think that you would
put that trade on at this moment, stay in your position. If not, get out.
71. Do not scalp when you should swing, and do not swing when you should scalp.
Until you are consistently proﬁtable, you should keep your trading as simple as
possible and swing just one to three trades a day, and do not scalp. To scalp
successfully, you usually have to risk about as much as you stand to gain, and
that requires that you win on more than 60 percent of your trades. You cannot
hope to do that until you are a consistently proﬁtable trader.
72. If you ﬁnd that you frequently take swing trades, but quickly convert them to
scalps, you will probably lose money. When you take a swing trade, you are
willing to accept a lower probability of success, but to make money on a scalp,
you need a very high probability of success. Similarly, if you take scalps, but
consistently exit early with a proﬁt that is smaller than your risk, you will lose
money. If you cannot stop yourself from following your plan, simply rely on
your bracket orders and walk away for about an hour after you enter.
73. If you lost money last month, do not trade any reversals. If seven of the past
10 bars are mostly above the moving average, do not look to short. Instead, only
look to buy. If seven of the past 10 bars are mostly below the moving average,
do not look to buy. Instead, only look to short.
74. Beginners should take only the best trades. It is difﬁcult to watch a screen for
two or three hours at a time and not place a trade, but this is the best way for
beginners to make money.
75. Discipline is the most important characteristic of winning traders. Trading is
easy to understand, but difﬁcult to do. It is very difﬁcult to follow simple rules,
and even occasional self-indulgences can mean the difference between success
and failure. Anyone can be as mentally tough as Tiger Woods for one shot, but

TRADING GUIDELINES
539
few can be that tough for an entire round, and then be that way for a round
every day of their lives. Everyone knows what mental toughness and discipline
are and can be mentally tough and disciplined in some activities every day, but
few truly appreciate just how extreme and unrelenting you have to be to be a
great trader. Develop the discipline to take only the best trades. If you cannot
do it for an entire day, force yourself to do it for the ﬁrst hour of every day, and
as you increase your position size, you might ﬁnd that this is all you need to be
a successful trader.
76. The second most important trait of great traders is the ability to do nothing
for hours at a time. Don’t succumb to boredom and let it convince you that it’s
been too long since the last trade.
77. Work on increasing your position size rather than on the number of trades
or the variety of setups that you use. You only need to make two points in
the Eminis a day to do well (50 contracts at two points a day is seven ﬁgures
a year).
78. If you perfect the skills of trading, you can make more money than you could
ever have imagined possible, and you will have the ability to live your dreams.


About the Author
Al Brooks is a technical analysis contributor to Futures magazine and an inde-
pendent day trader. Called the trader’s trader, he has a devoted following, and
provides live market commentary and daily chart analysis updates on his website
at www.brookspriceaction.com. After changing careers from ophthalmology to
trading 25 years ago, he discovered consistent trading success once he developed
his unique approach to reading price charts bar by bar. He graduated from the
University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and received his BS in
mathematics from Trinity College.
541


About the Website
This book includes a companion website, which can be found at:
www.wiley.com/go/tradingreversals
All of the charts provided in the book are included on the website for your conve-
nience. The password to enter this site is: Brooks3.
543


Index
Alpha Natural Resources, in
options example, 450–451
Always-in, 265, 293–315, 536
determining direction, 293–295
determining strong market,
301–303
in ﬁrst hour, 299–301
follow-through and, 312–313
gap up, then pullback, 306–309
higher time frame charts, 305
opening range and direction,
299–301, 332–338, 342, 351–352
setups, 310–311, 314–315
swing trading and, 298–299, 304
Amazon:
best trade example, 509–510
failure examples, 238–240
Apple:
always-in example, 310–311
best trade examples, 492–493,
508
climactic reversal examples,
130–131, 137
daily, weekly, monthly chart
examples, 420, 426
double top and bottom pullback
examples, 220–222
failure examples, 242, 245, 250
major trend reversal examples,
96–97, 100–101
opening patterns and reversals
examples, 384–385, 389
options examples, 441, 449, 454
time frame and chart type
example, 278–279
wedge example, 168–169
yesterday-related pattern
examples, 364–368, 371–372
Barbwire, 344, 351–352, 356,
392–393
Bar counting, basics of, 33–34
Bear breakout, signs of strong,
29–30
Bear reversal, signs of strong, 31,
32–33
Bear Stearns Cos., in higher
volume reversals on daily
charts example, 259–260
Bear trend channel line, climactic
reversals and, 141, 143–144,
147–148
Best trades, 455–526. See also
Trading guidelines
in Amazon, 509–510
in Apple bear trend, 492–493
in Apple lower high, 508
bull trend and, 457–460
buy low and sell high, 497
in Cemex, 502–504
channel phase, 456
in daily chart of Vodafone, 496
in Emini opening reversal,
515–517
in Emini with no clear trend,
522–523
in Emini with two-sided trading,
520–521
on EUR/USD chart, 484–485
in Goldman Sachs bear trend,
494–495
in Goldman Sachs daily chart,
511–512
in Google, 505–507
in IBM, 486–487
limit orders and, 460–461
in Microsoft, 513
in opening range, 459, 462, 466,
468–469, 477, 486, 497, 515
in Oracle, 514
percentage “odds” and trader’s
equation, 455–459, 461–463,
465–470, 473–476, 481,
498–499, 524–526
pullbacks in strong trends, 462,
484
in S&P ProShares, 490–491
in Solarfun Power, 500–501
in strong bear trend, 461, 484,
486–487, 492–493, 501, 503, 518
in strong bull trend, 457–458,
461, 472, 480–481, 485, 489,
490, 496, 498, 503–505, 524
in strong trend reversal, 462,
466–467
in 10-year U.S. Treasury Note
futures, 482–483
tips for beginners, 463–479
trading range and, 455, 456–457
two-sided trading, 457, 506–507
in United States Oil Fund,
488–489
in U.S. Treasury Note ﬁnal ﬂag,
518–519
Breakout, determining success or
failure. See Opposite trend,
trend becoming
Buffett, Warren, 22, 262
Bull breakout, signs of strong,
28–29
Bull reversal, signs of strong, 30–32
Bull spike, climactic reversals and,
113–114, 117, 121, 124,
128–129, 131, 135, 137, 139,
140, 145
545

546
INDEX
Calls. See Options
Caterpillar, in how to trade reversal
example, 75–78
Cemex, in best trade example,
502–504
Charts:
as most reliable information
source, 4–5, 16–20
reading of, 26
Chart types, day trading and, 261,
273–285
bar charts and swing trading, 277
big bars and reversals during
report, 282–283
moving average pullbacks on 1
minute chart, 279
price action and, 281
pullbacks on 1 minute chart, 278
scalps in ﬁrst hour, 284–285
volume and tick charts in ﬁrst
hours, 280
Chess analogy, 23
Chicago Board Options Exchange
Market Volatility Index (VIX),
435, 439
Climactic reversals, 111–150
bear trend channel line and, 141,
143–144, 147–148
bull spike and, 113–114, 117, 121,
124, 128–129, 131, 135, 137,
139, 140, 145
channel direction unclear after,
128–129
consecutive, 67–69, 116–118, 123,
129, 133–136, 141, 144, 148
deﬁnition, creation, and traders’
responses to, 111–117
ﬁnal ﬂags and, 190, 192–193, 197,
199, 204–207, 209–210, 215
increased slope and, 145–146
late acceleration as exhaustion,
123–124
momentum needed for, 147–148
with more reasons to reverse,
142
multiple trend channel lines and,
149
opposite trend bars creating,
130–131
parabolic moves and, 119–121
seen as three-push patterns, 151,
152
spike pullbacks, 137–139
spike up and down in one bar,
126–127, 128
spike up but channel down, 118,
125
V bottoms and, 111, 119,
132–133, 134–136
volume and, 121–122, 136, 150
V tops and, 119–120, 132–133, 141
Closing hours, 265–266, 267–268,
269. See also Yesterday
Computer-generated (program)
trading, 3–4, 7, 35–38
Consecutive climactic reversals,
67–69, 116–118, 123, 129,
133–136, 141, 144, 148
Costco, in ignore news example,
17–18
Crashes, as chart pattern, 23–24
Crowded trades, 112
Crude oil, in day trading example,
410
Daily, weekly, and monthly charts,
415–429
gap pullbacks, 420
huge volume reversals on daily
charts, 257–260
monthly dollar index futures,
424–425
monthly gold wedge channel, 423
news and stock movement, 429
opposite trends and, 427–428
price action unchanged over
time, 418–419
round numbers and support and
resistance, 426
weekly SPY, 421–422
Day trading, 261–262
always-in, 293–315
detailed examples, 403–413
extreme scalping, 317–330
key times of day, 263–270
markets recommended for,
271–272
options and, 432–435, 449–450
progression to best trades and
volume, 262
time frames and chart types, 261,
273–285
Deep corrections, 67–69
Dell, in time frame and chart type
example, 288
Delta-neutral positions, 434–435
Dendreon Corp., in daily, weekly,
monthly chart example, 429
Dennis, Richard, 463
Discipline, importance of, 531, 533,
538–539
Double top/double bottom
pullbacks, 217–224
bear ﬂag as double bottom,
220
double bottom and double top,
223–224
double bottom in monthly SPY,
219
weak double bottom, 221–222
Dow Jones Industrial Average:
daily, weekly, monthly chart
example, 418–419
ﬁnal ﬂag example, 215
gap openings example, 397
trend becoming opposite trend
example, 59–60
wedge example, 166–167
Economic reports. See Reports
Edwards, Robert D., 5, 8–9
E-mini S&P 500:
always-in examples, 304–309,
310–315
best trade examples, 480–481,
497, 515–517, 520–526
climactic reversal examples,
123–125, 132–136, 143–149
day trading examples, 411–413
double top and bottom pullback
example, 223–224
expanding triangle examples,
183–184, 187
extreme scalping example,
319–330
failure examples, 232–237, 241,
246–248, 253–256
ﬁnal ﬂag examples, 199–201,
204–214
gap openings example, 398

INDEX
547
key times of day examples,
267–270
major trend reversal examples,
98–99, 103–109
opening patterns and reversals
examples, 379–380, 386–387,
392–393
opening range examples,
346–349, 351–352
premarket pattern example,
355–356
shrinking stairs example,
163–164
time frame and chart type
examples, 280–285, 289, 290,
291
trend becoming opposite trend
examples, 63–66, 70–72
wedge examples, 160, 170–180
yesterday-related pattern
example, 369–370
EUR/USD:
best trade example, 484–485
day trading example, 406–407
ﬁnal ﬂag example, 202–203
Expanding triangles, 181–187
second entry in triangle reversal,
185, 186, 187
triangle bottom in bear trend,
182, 183–184
triangle reversal pattern,
185–186, 187
Extreme scalping, 317–330
illustrated, 319–330
risk and reward and, 317–318
Failed double top/double bottom
breakout, 159
Failures, 225–256
bear spikes and, 231, 244,
251–253
breakouts beyond signal and
entry bar protective stops,
235
common, 225–226
double bottom bull ﬂag, 244
double tops and bottoms in ﬁrst
hour, 243
failed breakouts in Amazon, 240
failed proﬁt targets, 236–237
failed signals in QQQ, 230, 249
ﬁve-tick failure, 229, 237, 248
head and shoulders patterns and,
226, 245
one-tick failed breakouts,
227–228, 242, 256
one-tick traps, 233–234
protective stops and, 228–229,
231, 232, 234, 242, 249
as sign of strength, 225, 228, 239,
253–254
small false breakouts, 232
switch to smaller target, 250
trading range breakouts and,
238–239, 241, 246
trapping out of good trades, 242
trend reversals and, 225, 226,
252, 253
two-legged test of trend extreme,
246–247
Final ﬂags, 87, 189–215
bear breakout of bull ﬁnal ﬂag,
208–209
characteristics common to,
189–190
no breakout in with-trend
direction, 214
reversal, 197–198
reversal without breakout,
206–207
small, after climaxes, 215
small, evolving into larger,
212–213
small, with big reversal, 210
then lower high, 204–205
tight trading range as, 190,
199–201, 203
triangle as, 202–203
two-bar, 205, 211, 215
First hour. See Opening range
Foreign exchange (forex), 202, 272,
406, 432, 467, 484
Freeport-McMoran Copper&Gold:
opening patterns and reversals
example, 381–382
options examples, 442, 448
Gambling, similarities and
differences to price action
trading, 20–24
Gap openings, reversals and
continuations, 395–399
GE, in crash example, 23–24
Globex:
day trading and, 287–291
opening range and premarket
patterns, 353–356
Gold, in daily, weekly, monthly
chart example, 423
Goldman Sachs Group:
best trade examples, 494–495,
511–512
major trend reversal example,
102
trend becoming opposite trend
example, 67–69
Google:
best trade example, 505–507
opening patterns and reversals
examples, 383, 390–391
Hedge funds, options trading by,
436
Henry, John, 463
High-frequency trades and trading
(HFT), 36, 49, 136. See also
Computer-generated
(program) trading;
Institutional trading
Highs, in bar counting, 33–34
IBM, in best trade example, 486–487
“I don’t care” mode, 461, 466,
531–532
ii patterns, 87–88, 104, 125, 211,
307, 313, 325, 327, 381, 383,
387, 413, 486, 518
iii patterns, 284, 325–326, 425
Indicators and systems, price
action trading and, 9–12
Inertia, of markets and trends, 39,
49, 60, 70, 95, 192, 226, 252,
297, 379, 447, 471, 514,
529–530, 532
Institutional traders:
day trading and, 261
market movement and, 2–4,
35–38
opening patterns and reversals,
373–374

548
INDEX
Intel Corp., in opening range
example, 350
Jones, Paul Tudor, 463
Keynes, John Maynard, 530
Lehman Brothers Holdings:
climactic reversal example,
126–127
higher volume reversals on daily
charts example, 258
opening patterns and reversals
example, 388
Lexicon, 341
Lows, in bar counting, 33–34
Magee, John, 5, 8–9
Major trend reversal, 83–109
elements necessary for, 84–85
higher high followed by lower
low, 96–97
lower low followed by higher
low, 98–99
micro double bottoms and tops,
87–88, 108–109
not from trend line break alone,
100–101
smaller time frame charts,
103–107
too strong test of low, 102
trading of, 73–78
Market leaders, 57–58, 61–62
Martingale approach to trading, 20,
23
Micro double top, 87–88
Micro ﬁnal ﬂag, 189, 194, 201
Microsoft, in best trade example,
513
Micro wedge, 151, 158–159, 168,
176, 179, 180
Midday trading, 264–265, 270, 535
Momentum, in reversal, 51–53
Morgan Stanley, in options
example, 443–444
NetApp Inc., in failure example,
251
News and opinion programs:
avoiding of, 14–16, 531
stock movement and, 429
trading charts, not news, 38–39
Oil Service HOLDRS:
climactic reversal example, 142
yesterday-related pattern
example, 359–360
One cancels the other (OCO) order,
13, 475, 525
Opening patterns and reversals, 37,
373–393
barbwire on open, 392–393
breakout pullbacks, 375, 378,
380, 383, 384, 386, 393
categories and importance of
size of range, 377, 379, 381–382
double bottom and top ﬂags, 380,
381, 383, 387, 388, 389, 391
failed breakouts, 375, 378, 383,
384–385, 387
gap down and gap up, 373,
386–387, 388
institutional traders and, 373–374
measured moves, 376–377, 378,
379–380
two failed attempts and then
reversal, 390–391
two-legged pullback, 378, 388
value in learning to spot, 375–377
Opening range, 263–265, 331–352,
535
always-in direction and, 299–301,
332–338, 342, 351–352
avoiding scalps in small ranges,
350
barbwire and, 344, 351–352, 356
characteristics of, 331–333
computer’s advantages in, 333,
340, 341–342
failed early reversal, 346–347
failures and, 243
ﬁrst few bars and tone for day,
348–349
ﬁrst-hour wedge, 161–162
gap openings, reversals and
continuations, 395–399
opening patterns and reversals,
373–393
patterns related to premarket,
353–356
patterns related to yesterday,
357–372
reports and, 332–333, 340–343
scalps in, 284–285
swing and scalp setups
distinguished, 333–336
yesterday’s price action and,
332, 337, 340, 343, 344, 346,
348–350
Opposite trend, trend becoming,
35–72
best setup, 53–58
consecutive buy climaxes and
deep corrections, 67–69
distinguishing from countertrend
scalp, 40–42
Dow Industrials monthly chart,
59–60
institutions, computers, and
fundamental and technical
trading, 35–38
market leaders leading S&P,
61–62
momentum and, 51–53
requirements, sequence, and
risk-reward ratio, 42–49
reversals in daily Emini, 63–66
trading charts, not news, 38–39
uncertainty at set up, 70–72
Options, 431–454
buy calls during bull spikes, 441
buy calls on pullbacks to moving
average in bull trend, 448
calls for day trade, 449
day trade runaway trends with
options, 450–451
drop on earnings report without
puts rise, 454
fade stair breakouts with, 442
fade trading range extremes
with, 443–444
optimal trading situation and
strategies, 431–440
SPY and, 432, 434, 436–440,
445–447, 452–453
volatile intraday moves and,
452–453
Oracle, in best trade example, 514
Overnight market, day trading and,
287–291

INDEX
549
Parabolic moves, in climactic
reversals, 119–121
Parabolic wedges, 151, 152–153,
170–174
Personality, importance of trading
in manner compatible with,
5–7, 9, 261, 273, 317, 463–464,
474, 537
Postmarket, day trading and,
287–291
PowerShares QQQ Trust Series:
failure example, 249
wedge example, 161–162
Premarket:
day trading and, 287–291
opening range and patterns
related to, 353–356
Price action trading, 1–24
avoiding news and opinions
about market movements,
14–16
charts as most reliable
information source, 4–5, 16–20
gambling’s similarities and
differences, 20–24
human behavior and, 7–9
indicators and systems, 9–12
institutional trading and market
movement, 2–4
in manner compatible with
personality, 5–7, 9, 261, 273,
317, 463–464, 474, 537
probability and trading ranges,
12–14
Prior day. See Yesterday
Probability:
percentage “odds” and trader’s
equation, 455–459, 461–463,
465–470, 473–476, 481,
498–499, 524–526
trading ranges and, 12–14
Puts. See Options
QQQ, 230, 249, 262, 272, 439
Reports:
big bars and reversals during,
282–283
ﬁrst hour and, 341–343
options trading and, 435
Research in Motion:
climactic reversal example,
138–140
failure example, 243–244
Risk managers, closing hours
trades and, 267–268
Rotter, Paul, 463
Runaway markets, options and,
450–451
S&P 500 Proshares, in best trade
example, 490–491
S&P Sel. Financial SPDR Fund,
ﬁnal ﬂag example,
197–198
Scalping. See Extreme scalping
Shrinking stairs, 157, 161–164
Skew, options and, 439
Solarfun Power Holdings Company
Ltd., in best trade example,
500–501
Soybeans, in day trading example,
408–409
SPY S&P Dep Receipts:
climactic reversal examples,
128–129, 150
daily, weekly, monthly chart
example, 421–422
double top and bottom pullback
example, 219
expanding triangle example,
185–186
options and, 432, 434, 436–440,
445–447, 452–453
failure example, 252
options examples, 445–447,
452–453
trend becoming opposite trend
example, 61–62
wedge example, 165
weekly, 421–422
Straddles, 434
Strength, signals of, 26–33
failures and, 228, 239, 253–254
just missing target, then reaching
it, 255–256
in reversals, 79–82
Tata Motors Ltd., in best trade
example, 498–499
Technical Analysis of Stock
Trends (Edwards and Magee),
5, 8–9
“10-bar, two legged,” use of term,
123
Three-push reversal patterns. See
Wedges and three-push
reversal patterns
Time frames. See also Daily,
weekly, and monthly charts
reversals as losers, 107
small, 103–104
with-trend trading only, 105–106
Times of day, 263–270
ﬁnal hours, 265–266
midday reversal, 270
middle hours, 264–265
opening hours, 263–265
risk managers and close, 267–268
trends in close, 269
Trading examples:
always in, 304–315
best trades, 480–526
climactic reversals, 123–150
daily, weekly, monthly charts,
418–429
day trading, 404–413
double top and bottom
pullbacks, 219–224
expanding triangles, 183–187
extreme scalping, 319–330
failures, 232–256
ﬁnal ﬂags, 197–215
gap openings, 397–399
Globex, premarket, postmarket,
overnight, 288–291
huge volume reversals on daily
charts, 258–262
key times of day, 267–270
major trend reversals, 96–109
opening patterns and reversals,
379–393
opening range, 346–352
options, 441–454
patterns related to premarket,
355–356
patterns related to yesterday,
359–372
time frames and chart types,
277–285

550
INDEX
Trading examples: (Continued )
trend reversals, 59–72
wedges and other three-push
patterns, 160–180
Trading guidelines, 461–462,
527–539. See also Best trades
Trend reversals:
climactic reversals, 111–150
double top and bottom
pullbacks, 217–224
example of how to trade, 73–78
expanding triangles, 181–187
failures, 225–256
ﬁnal ﬂags, 189–215
huge volume, on daily charts,
257–260
major reversals, 83–109
signs of strength in, 79–82
trend becoming opposite trend,
35–72
wedges and other three-push
patterns, 151–180
Trends, signals of strong, 26–33
Triangle. See also Expanding
triangles
as ﬁnal ﬂag, 202–203
use of term, 182
Two-bar ﬁnal ﬂags, 205, 211,
215
UltraShort Financial Proshare, in
climactic reversal example,
141
Ultra Short Oil and Gas, in patterns
related to yesterday example,
361–363
Uncertainty, 13–15
daily, weekly, monthly charts,
416, 421
day trading and, 294, 296
in ﬁrst hour, 351, 386
options and, 433, 435
at setups, 70–72
United States Oil Fund LP, in best
trade example, 488–489
U.S. Dollar Index, in daily, weekly,
monthly chart example,
424–425
U.S. Treasury Notes:
best trade examples, 482–483,
518–519
day trading example, 404–405
V bottoms, climactic reversals and,
111, 119, 132–133, 134–136
VIX, 435, 439
Vodafone Group, in best trade
example, 496
Volume:
climactic reversals and, 121–122,
136, 150
huge volume reversals on daily
charts, 257–260
V tops, climactic reversals and,
119–120, 132–133, 141
Wedges and three-push reversal
patterns, 151–180
failed wedge, 159, 175, 179
ﬁrst-hour wedge, 161–162
micro wedges, 151, 158–159, 168,
176, 179, 180
one-tick breakouts, 180
parabolic wedges, 151, 152–153,
170–174
reversals shy of trend channel
line, 168–169
shrinking stairs, 157, 161–162,
163–164
tight channel and, 160, 176,
178–179
too tight wedge, 176–177
wedge ﬂags, 152, 153
wedge lower high, 165,
166–167
wedge pullbacks, 152
wedge reversals, 147, 152
wedge top, 120, 151, 153–159,
160, 168, 170
Yahoo!, in ignore news example,
19
Yesterday:
bear channel as bull ﬂag in
opening range, 369–370
bull channel as bear ﬂag in
opening range, 359–360
failed breakout in opening range
and, 361–363
ﬁrst-hour double top and,
364–366
importance of patterns from,
371–372
opening range and, 332, 337, 340,
343, 344, 346, 348–350
opening range breakout from
pattern of, 367–368
patterns related to, 357–372