1 
 
Free how to trade price action manual 
 
I wrote this 26,000 word online price action manual to show traders how to 
trade and make money like a professional. I based it on the material in 
the Brooks Trading Course, my books, and what I say every day in my Trading 
Room. Below is the Table of Contents showing the titles of the 25 chapters in 
the How to Trade Price Action Manual. I included several chapters in their 
entirety and excerpts from the others. The complete manual is available to 
logged-in purchasers of the Brooks Trading Course. 
Although I use mostly candle charts, I believe that context is more important 
than candle patterns, whether I am day trading or swing trading. This is true for 
the Emini, Forex markets, the stock market, and any other market. I make my 
trading decisions based on where the market is in the market cycle. I decide if it 
is in a trend or a trading range. If it is in a trend, I then decide if it is in a 
channel or in a breakout. I then structure and manage my trades by using 
appropriate protective stops and profit targets. 
The book Flash Boys has received a lot of attention lately, but it has nothing to 
do with day trading. We operate in a time frame of seconds to minutes, so 
milliseconds are meaningless to our trading. However, financial institutions 
dominate trading and most trading is controlled by computer algorithms. This 
makes markets move closer and closer to perfection and it reduces the edge for 
everyone, but there will always be traders who are better than others, and they 
will consistently make money. Traders do not have to be great, but they do 
have to be consistently good. 
Even though I scalp many trades every day, swing trading should be the 
foundation for every trader. A swing trade is simply any trade where the reward 
is at least twice as large as the risk. Since 90% of the bars on any chart leave 

2 
 
traders confused, the probability most of the time for any trade, long or short, 
is between 40 and 60%. That is why traders should swing trade…90% of the 
time, going for a reward that is at least twice as big as the risk results in a 
mathematically profitable strategy (a positive trader’s equation) for both the 
bull and bear side of the trade. 
Some traders are comfortable trading any market, but others prefer specific 
types of market conditions. For example, I like high probability trades, which 
means that I especially like to trade during strong breakouts. Other traders 
prefer small risk; as a corollary, they must be taking trades with low probability. 
This means that they need to go for a big reward to offset that low probability. 
Many experienced traders believe that they are not good at picking exact tops 
and bottoms, but they are good at knowing approximately where they are. They 
then scale into trades, which increases their probability of making a profit from 
their trades. However, whenever a trader does something to increase his 
probability, he has to pay for it with either a smaller reward, an increased risk, 
or both (a less favorable risk:reward ratio). 
Many traders make most of their money in the first couple of hours of the day 
and they look to swing trade opening reversals and trend breakouts. Although 
similar moves occur in the final hours, they are much more difficult to trade 
profitably since repeated reversals dominate the end of most days. It is okay to 
not trade the final hour. 
Entering with stop orders is the best choice for most traders because the 
market is going your way, at least for one tick. During strong breakouts, 
entering at the market or with limit orders on the close of bars is also trading in 
the direction of market momentum, but is more difficult emotionally for traders 
starting out. Experience traders will use limit orders to fade breakouts at the 
tops and bottoms of trading ranges, and will often scale in and scalp. It takes 
years of trading to do that well, and traders should focus on other entries until 
they are consistently profitable. 
Trade management is more important than picking buy and sell signals. Since 
the probability of a profitable long or short trade is around 50% during 90% of 
the day (the market is in a strong breakout during the other 10% of the time, 
and the probability can be 70% or more during those brief times), there is a 

3 
 
way to structure a profitable long trade and a profitable short trade. Traders 
simply chose whether they want to buy or sell and then figure out how to 
manage the trade profitable. For example, when the market is in a trading 
range, traders will buy low, sell high, and scalp. Bulls will scale into longs in the 
lower half of the range and scalp out with profits in the top half. Bears will do 
the opposite. They will scale into shorts in the top half and take profits in the 
lower half. 
When I hold positions overnight, I usually do so using put and call options. 
Traders do not need to understand iron condors, broken wing put flies, or the 
Greeks to make money from trading options. I use simple puts, calls, and 
spreads, and I trade them just as I do stocks and futures. If I think the market 
is going up, I buy a call or a call spread. If I think it is going down, I buy a put 
or a put spread. Are other option strategies better? Sometimes, but as long as 
what I do makes sense, I never worry about something else that might be 
better. Traders should avoid “analysis paralysis” where they spend so much 
time deciding on how to get the last penny out of the market that they end up 
being too confused to place any trade and then don’t get any pennies! 
Although I do not believe that a psychologist can help make a trader profitable, 
trading psychology is important. Traders must constantly work to prevent their 
emotions from influencing their decisions. One good way is to trade the “I don’t 
care” size. Trade small enough so that you will not worry about losing. This 
allows traders to do what is right more often. The most important aspect of 
trading psychology is that traders should always strive to stay in their comfort 
zone. They need to be happy. If a trader finds himself feeling too anxious, he 
needs to find out why. Is he trading too big of a position and is constantly 
worried about losing too much money? Is he buying in a bear trend, hoping that 
the current reversal attempt will be the one that finally works? It is much less 
stressful to trade in the direction that the market is going…the Always In 
direction. It is also less stressful to take fewer trades and swing trade. Every 
trader has the goal of making money for themselves and their families, but it is 
important to not lose sight of the bigger goal of living a happy life. Learning how 
to trade can help traders achieve both goals!  
 
 

4 
 
Table of Contents 
o 
Price action and candlestick charts [open to all] 
o 
The market and the market cycle [restricted] 
o 
Math every trader must know (trader’s equation) [restricted] 
o 
The importance of institutions [open to all] 
o 
Price action is genetically based [open to all] 
o 
Bar counting [restricted] 
o 
Extreme scalping = manual high frequency trading [restricted] 
o 
The folly of trading with fundamentals [restricted] 
o 
The folly of trading with indicators [open to all] 
o 
Trading breakouts [restricted] 
o 
Trend channels [restricted] 
o 
Support and resistance [restricted] 
o 
Trading ranges [restricted] 
o 
Trend reversals [restricted] 
o 
Trading the open [restricted] 
o 
Always in long or short [restricted] 
o 
Beginners should enter using stop orders [restricted] 
o 
Is there a perfect setup when trading online? [open to all] 
o 
My setup for 5 minute charts and daily charts [restricted] 
o 
What size account do I need to trade? [open to all] 
o 
What should my trading position size be? [open to all] 
o 
Learn to manage your trades [restricted] 
o 
Scaling into trades [restricted] 
o 
Trading options (puts and calls) [restricted] 
o 
Trading psychology and the importance of happiness [restricted] 
Each chapter is a post in my blog and these articles provide the foundation for 
trading using price action and are a good overview of the material in the Brooks 
Trading Course. The course goes into far more depth and has many more 
examples. However, these articles give you an idea of how I view and trade the 
markets. 
 
 

5 
 
Price action and candlestick charts 
April 23, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Most successful traders use candlestick charts to make their 
money, and they trade primarily or exclusively using price action. Although 
there is no universally accepted definition of price action, I use the broadest one 
and say that it is simply any move up or down on any chart for any market. The 
smallest move that any market makes is one tick (one pip for the Forex 
markets, although pips are now often subdivided into tenths, which most 
traders ignore). If a market moves up one tick, it is because there are not 
enough sellers at the current price to fill all of the buy orders, and the market 
has to go higher to find more sellers. If it falls one tick, it means that it is in 
search of a price low enough so that there will be enough buyers to take the 
other side of the bears. 
As a day trader, I don’t have the ability to spend time thinking about anything 
other than whether the market will go up far enough for me to make a profit if I 
buy, or fall far enough to make a profit if I short. I make several assumptions 
that allow me to not worry about anything other than the price action on the 
chart that I am trading. It is impossible for me to know if my assumptions are 
true, but they are consistent with the price action, and if I later conclude that I 
am wrong, I will then change my assumptions. 
Although I watch and day trade a 5 minute candle chart during 99% of every 
day and have for 27 years, I also make some trades based on the 60 minute, 
daily, weekly, and monthly charts. I use options most of the time when I trade 
those higher time frames, but I use the same price action techniques that I do 
when I trade 5 minute charts. 
The lure of candlestick chart patterns 

6 
 
When you look at websites that offer advice on trading, they are filled with 
candlestick patterns and all kinds of rules based on candles. However, when you 
watch professional traders on television, you will notice something entirely 
different…they virtually totally ignore candlestick patterns and often buy at the 
bottom of a strong bear candle or candle pattern and sell at the top of a very 
bullish candle pattern. Why is that? Because they want to make money. If 
candlestick patterns were anywhere near as good as many trading websites 
make them appear, they would quickly stop working because the institutional 
would no longer take the other side of the trade. If a pattern is good for you, 
then it is bad for the guy taking the other side, and institutions cannot stay in 
business if they consistently lose. The only logical conclusion is that most of 
what you read about candlestick patterns is nonsense because the institutions 
control the market and they ignore all of what is on those helpful “Trading Made 
Simple” candlestick websites. 
Setups and Signals 
There is a lot written about candle bar signals that might lead a reader to 
believe that knowing a collection of candlestick patterns is 90% of what is 
required to learn how to trade online. It is not. A setup is composed of two 
things, a signal and context, and without both, you should not take a trade. By 
context, I mean all of the bars to the left have to be supportive of your trade. A 
perfect candle pattern in the middle of a tight trading range will consistently 
lose money. You need other reasons for taking the trade, like the market being 
at a confluence of support or resistance, and I discuss this in detail in the 
course. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is The market and the market cycle. 
 
 

7 
 
Market cycle 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
 
The Market Cycle. The green shaded areas are strong breakouts. Once there is 
a pullback, the channel phase begins. Channels evolve into trading ranges, 
which are pullbacks that have grown to include so many bars that the 
probability of a trend reversal becomes as high as that for trend resumption 
(the next breakout is about equally likely to be up or down). 
When I say that there is a market cycle, I mean that the market is in a constant 
search for a balance between buyers and sellers and that it has repeating 
behavior in this never-ending search for a constantly moving price. It is trying 
to stay around a price where both the bulls and bears feel that they can make 
money by placing a trade. This also means it is looking for an area of confusion. 
How else could both the bulls and bears feel that the price is good enough for 
both them to make money by taking opposite trades? 
The market constantly probes up and down as it tries to determine the fair price 
area. Most of these rallies and selloffs fail and the market stays within the 
range. Occasionally one leads to a breakout, which means that both the bulls 
and bears are no longer confused…they agree that the price is too high in the 
case of a bear breakout, or too low in a bull breakout. The market then quickly 

8 
 
moves to a new area of confusion, which is another trading range, where both 
the bulls and bears feel that the price is about right. 
The market is in a never ending cycle of trends and trading ranges. Trends 
begin with a breakout. Once pullbacks begin, the trend converts from the trend 
breakout phase to the trend channel phase. This is followed by increasing two-
sided trading and the evolution into a trading range. The seeds of the next 
trend are planted in every trading range, and once you learn how to read 
buying and selling pressure, you are in a position to anticipate the next 
successful breakout. As soon as there is a breakout up or down, and the process 
begins again. 
Although many traders try to trade in the direction of a higher time frame, this 
is not necessary. All a trader needs to trade profitably is the chart in front of 
him, no matter what the market, chart type, or time frame. Every chart has 
plenty of trades if a trader knows how to spot and trade them. Remember, even 
when a market is sideways, there is often plenty of volume on every bar. Even 
in the tightest trading range on the 5 minute Emini chart, each bar averages 
about 5,000 contracts. I usually can see a reason to buy or sell on every bar on 
every market during the day, and with practice, a trader will learn to spot many 
more setups than he could possibly ever trade. The keys are: 
• Learning to spot the setups early enough to decide that they are worth trading 
• Structuring a trade that makes mathematical sense 
• Managing the trade appropriately. 
Ninety per cent of the time, the market is either in a channel or in a trading 
range, and it is better to buy at support and sell at resistance. In a bull channel, 
support might be the bottom of the channel or just above a recent minor higher 
low. During the other 10% of the time, the market is in a successful breakout 
phase of a trend. When I say successful, I mean that as soon as you think the 
breakout is successful, the chance of making a profitable trade by entering at 
that moment in the direction of the breakout is 70% or higher. It is then better 
to enter as soon as you believe the breakout is successful instead of waiting for 
a pullback, which might not come for many bars. Since the stop is often far 
away during a breakout, traders have to adjust their position sizes and their 
profit targets. I will discuss how to trade all three phases in later sections of this 
essay. 

9 
 
 
How to trade the market cycle…trade the three phases differently. 
I said that the Market Cycle is the unending series of alternating trends and 
trading ranges that are present on every chart. I will now discuss some of the 
subtleties of the cycle. The strongest phase of a trend is the breakout. This has 
the highest probability of follow-through (continuation) over the next many 
bars, but because the protective stop is often far away, the risk is larger. Also, 
the market is moving fast, which increases the chance of making mistakes and 
therefore adds to the risk. 
Once the market has a pullback, the trend weakens and enters the channel 
phase. While in a channel, the trading becomes more two-sided. Both the bulls 
and bears alternate control, although in a channel within a trend, one side is in 
control more often. For example, in a bull channel, bears will begin to short 
above new highs and scale in higher, looking for scalps. 
The two-sided trading eventually increases as channels extend, and this causes 
the pullbacks to get deeper and have more bars. Once a pullback has become 
so big that the market loses its direction and traders are not certain that the 
trend will resume, the pullback has become a trading range. Rarely, the channel 
phase of a trend can accelerate and breakout again. For example, a bull channel 
can sometimes have a successful bull breakout. This is a breakout above the 
top of a rising channel, which means that the trend suddenly has become 
steeper and stronger. After the breakout, the market then slows into a channel 

10 
 
again and eventually into a trading range. However, most attempts to break 
above a bull channel fail and then the market reverses back down to test the 
bottom of the channel. Likewise, most downside (bear) breakouts below bear 
channels fail and the market usually reverses back up to the top of the bear 
channel. 
Even though a channel as it is forming is part of a trend, it is almost always the 
start of a trading range. Because most are usually eventually followed by a leg 
in the opposite direction, every bull channel should be thought of as a bear flag 
and every bear channel should be seen as a bull flag. Once the reversal down 
from a bull channel or up from a bear channel is clear, the trading range has 
begun. The market then usually tries to retrace to the beginning of the channel. 
Why does this retracement happen? Let’s use a bull channel as an example. 
Bears begin to scale into shorts after the first pullback begins and they add on 
higher, for example, at each new high. Once the market starts down, many 
bears try to exit their entire position around their first entry, which is the 
bottom of the channel (the first pullback). They then get out breakeven on that 
first entry and with profits on their later entries. Because the bears are buying 
at the bottom of the channel (instead of selling, which bears are usually looking 
to do), there is a relative absence of sellers. Also, bulls remember that the 
market started up from the bottom of that first pullback after the breakout (the 
bottom of that first pullback is the start of the bull channel). Now that the 
market is back down to that level, many bulls will buy again, expecting another 
rally from that price level. They are expecting a double bottom. The first bottom 
of the double bottom is the low of that first pullback from the initial bull 
breakout. The market was rallying strongly in a bull breakout and then had a 
pullback. The market then resumed up. The bottom of that pullback is the first 
bottom of the double bottom. The second bottom is the selloff back down to 
that level…the bulls are expecting a bottom again from this same price because 
that is what the market did when it traded down to this level earlier. 
Bears will short again where they last entered profitable shorts, which was at 
the top of the channel. Bulls expect that the market has entered a trading range 
and will begin to scalp out of longs at the top of the range. Both the bulls and 
bears switch to scalp mode, buying low and selling high. Bears sell high to 
initiate shorts and scale in higher while bulls sell high to take profits. The 

11 
 
opposite occurs at the bottom of the range. Eventually there is a breakout in 
either direction and the process begins again. 
 
This 5 minute chart of a Forex market summarizes how to trade different parts 
of the market cycle. 
Trends are strongest during breakouts, and the appearance of each bar tends to 
be consistent with the trend. In a bull trend, there is an abundance of strong 
bull bars, which means that the buying pressure is strong. In a bear trend, 
selling pressure is strong. My comprehensive lists of signs of buying and selling 
pressure are too long for this article, but are covered in my videos and books. 
However, the figure below shows an example of a strong bull breakout and it 
illustrates many important signs of buying pressure. 
Buying Pressure and Selling Pressure 
Trends are strongest during breakouts, and the appearance of each bar tends to 
be consistent with the trend. In a bull trend, there is an abundance of strong 
bull bars, which means that the buying pressure is strong. In a bear trend, 
selling pressure is strong. My comprehensive lists of signs of buying and selling 
pressure are too long for this article, but are covered in my videos and books. 
However, the figure below shows an example of a strong bull breakout and it 
illustrates many important signs of buying pressure. 

12 
 
 
Buying Pressure and Gaps. A gap is a space between a support and resistance 
level. Each red rectangle is a gap between the close of a bar and the high of one 
or more prior bars. Each green rectangle is a gap between the low of a bar and 
the high of a prior bar, and these gaps often lead to measured moves (these 
bars are therefore potential measuring gaps). Other signs of buying pressure 
are consecutive bull trend bars, bull trend bars closing above their midpoints 
and especially near the tops of the bars, big bull trend bars, the absence of 
consecutive big bear trend bars, breakouts above prior lower highs within the 
prior bear trend, and closes above those highs and any other resistance level, 
like the high of the prior bar, moving averages, and trend lines. 
The most obvious sign of buying pressure is a bull trend bar, where the bar 
closes near its high. It is even stronger if it opens on its low because this is a 
sign of urgency…the bulls were so eager to buy, that they were unwilling to wait 
for even a small pullback and bought as soon as the bar opened. The bar 
closing on or near its high means that bulls bought right up to the top of the 
bar. If they are willing to buy high, they almost certainly will buy a little lower, 
which means that even the smallest pullbacks will be bought. If the bull trend 
bar is bigger than an average bar, that is another sign of buying pressure. If 
there are two or three strong bull bars, this is even a stronger breakout, 
especially if the bars are consecutive (sometimes there will be a series of 
several strong bars with an occasional small bar in between). If the close of the 
current bar is above the high of the prior bar, this is a gap and a sign of buying 
pressure. 

13 
 
Traders will pay attention to the low of the next bar to see if its low stays above 
the high of the bar two bars earlier. If so, the gap bar can be a measuring gap 
and lead to a measured move up. If the close of a trend bar is above some 
other resistance, like a bear trend line, a moving average, of the top of a 
trading range, this is more buying pressure, especially if the next bar (the bar 
after a breakout bar is the follow-through bar) also has a bull close. This 
increases the chances that higher prices will follow, even if there is a pullback in 
the meantime. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Math that every trader must know. 
 
 

14 
 
Trader’s equation 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Math that every trader should know 
Risk and reward are important, but traders who know how to make money also 
pay a lot of attention to probability. Consider taking a trade only if the trader’s 
equation makes sense: 
Reward x Probability of profit > Risk x Probability of Loss 
Reward = your expected profit (number of ticks from entry price to profit 
target) 
Risk = your expected loss if your protective stop is hit (number of ticks to your 
stop) 
All profitable traders, whether institutions 
or individuals, will only buy if they believe that probability of making a profit is 
significantly greater than the probability of losing money on a trade. This is the 
Trader’s Equation: for a trade to be profitable, the probability of making a profit 
times the size of the profit (the reward, which is the number of ticks to the 
profit taking limit order) has to be greater than the probability of losing times 
the size of the loss (the risk, which is the number of ticks to the protective 
stop). The risk and reward are known because the trader sets them…he decides 
where he will take his profit (his reward) and where he will take his loss (his 
risk). 

15 
 
The third variable is the one that causes the greatest problem for most traders 
starting out. They quickly discover that all of those books and courses that 
make trading look so easy hinge on a fallacy…that there are a lot of perfect 
trades where the probability is high and the reward is much bigger than the 
risk. If you think about it, perfect or nearly perfect trades cannot exit because 
every trade needs institutions on both sides. If a trade is perfectly good for the 
buyer, it has to be perfectly bad for the seller, which means taking a low 
probability of winning where the risk is much bigger than the reward. No 
institution would ever take the other side of a perfect trade because it would 
lose money over time even if it occasionally won (and it would because it has a 
chance of winning on every trade, even though the probability is low). The 
result is that no trade can be perfect. There has to be something in the trade for 
both the buying and selling institutions, and I assume that the majority of them 
are profitable. 
 
High and low probability setups. Usually, one side has better probability and the 
other has a better risk/reward ration. When the probability is high, the profit 
potential is small compared to the risk and the trade is often just a scalp. 
Swings have either low probability, or big risk relative (the stop is far away) to 
the reward. 
How can it happen that traders taking opposite sides of a trade can both make 
money? It comes down to trade-offs among the three variables in the trader’s 
equation: risk, reward, and probability. You often hear about risk reward ratios, 

16 
 
but whenever your do, the author is implying that the probability is high, which 
may or may not be the case. Some trades are very high probability. For 
example, think about a trade where the market races up to your profit taking 
limit order, but does not fill it, and then pulls back one tick. At this moment, 
you almost certainly will not change your order and will hold because you 
correctly believe that the strong momentum will result in you getting filled 
within the next few seconds. What you have concluded is that you have a very 
high probability trade. That means that you had to give up something on one or 
both of the other variables because otherwise you would have a perfect trade, 
which cannot exist. 
What are you giving up with that high probability trade? Well, your reward is 
now only one tick, since you are trying to take profits one tick higher than the 
current price. This means that in exchange for your high probability, you are 
forgoing a big profit and in fact are willing to take only a minuscule profit. You 
are accepting a very small reward. Furthermore, you probably are relying on 
your stop, at least for the next several seconds, and your stop is probably many 
ticks away. Let’s say that it is six ticks below the current price. This means that 
you are willing to assume a risk that is six times greater than your reward in 
exchange for a very high probability. You need to be about 90% confident for 
the Trader’s Equation to be worthwhile. Traders never actually have enough 
time to debate whether the probability actually is 90% at that instant, but just 
feel that it is worth relying on the current stop and profit taking orders for a 
least a few more seconds. Although it is not conscious, they actually have to 
believe that they have a 90% chance of success to make this decision because 
that is the only rational basis for holding the position. Does this make sense? Of 
course, it does, and it is a decision that all of us make whenever the market 
gets very close to filling our profit objective. 
Is a good Risk/Reward ratio enough? 
No! You also have to incorporate probability into the Trader’s Equation: for a 
strategy to be profitable, the probability of success times the reward has to be 
significantly greater than the probability of failure times the risk. Probability is 
by far the most important variable and the major source of losses in trading. 
The implication behind candlestick pattern trading is that your primary objective 
is to minimize risk, and that is a fallacy. If you are taking a trade, you need to 

17 
 
accept the risk that is there and appropriately manage it, as well as your 
position size, your protective stop, and your profit target. 
Understanding Probability 
Risk is just one component of trading, and it is less important than probability. 
You can control risk simply by using a stop, just as you can control reward by 
selecting a logical price objective for profit taking. Although you cannot control 
probability, you can make sensible assumptions based on my “40 – 60” 
trading rule…90% of the time, the probability is between 40 and 60%. The 
probability of what? The probability that the market will rally 10 ticks before it 
falls 10 ticks. Twenty ticks, 17 points, 1%… it does not matter. Ninety percent 
of the time, the chance that the market will move a certain distance in one 
direction before it moves that same distance in the other direction is between 
40 and 60%.This is based on the market cycle… the market is in a strong 
breakout 10% of the time and in either a channel or trading range during the 
other 90% of the time. The 40 – 60 rule is based on that 90%. 
It has to be that way because there are institutions on both sides of every 
trade. Neither side will ever allow the probability to become very certain without 
a great increase in risk, or else there would be no one to take the other side of 
the trade. The market is in a strong breakout during the other 10% of the time, 
and the probability of a trade in the direction of the trend often becomes 70% 
or higher…but the stop is often far away, increasing the risk! 
So, given the uncertainty that exists 90% of the time, how can anyone make 
money? Remember, the Trader’s Equation. If the market is clearly breaking out, 
trading is easy because you only trade in the direction of the strong breakout. 
During the rest of the time, the 60-40 rule applies. Well, here is the key to 
success… 
As long as you always go for a reward that is at least twice as big as 
your risk, you will have a positive Trader’s Equation and your trade is 
mathematically sensible. 
As you learn how to trade, you will discover that there is always a trade-off 
among the three variables. If the probability is high, then either the reward is 
small (like in a scalp) or the risk is big (like in a breakout). As discussed earlier, 

18 
 
there cannot be a trade with a high probability of a big reward and a small risk 
because no institution would take the other side of your trade. Every trade 
requires a very smart institutional trader to take the opposite side of your trade, 
and he will only do so if he feels that at least one of the variables is in his favor. 
He won’t give you all three. When you take a trade, you either get one or two 
variables in your favor; you never get all three. 
As long as the Trader’s Equation is positive, it does not matter if only one 
variable is the way you want it to be. For example, in a scalp, the probability is 
high, and the reward is small relative to risk (so the reward is less than you 
want and the risk is more than you want for a reward that size). Whenever 
someone tells you that he has a very high winning percentage, he is also telling 
you that he is a scalper (when talking about daily charts, he is called a trader or 
a fast money trader). He is going for a reward that is relatively small compared 
to his risk (often smaller than his risk) and winning 70 – 90% of the time. 
Traders on the opposite side of his trades are swing traders (or investors, when 
talking about weekly and monthly charts), taking lower probability trades 
(usually winning 30 – 40% of the time), but their winners are often many times 
bigger than their losers. They often trade Major Trend Reversals, where the risk 
can be small and the reward big, but the probability is often only 40%. 
I often hear traders talk about the risk/reward ratio, but they do not mention 
probability. When someone says that a trade has a good risk/reward ratio, he is 
usually implying that the probability of success is at least 50%. Sometimes, 
however, he will mention on probability. 
For example, I recently heard a trader on television say that he was taking a 
“put fly” trade and that the payout ratio was 5:1 (I know that this is jargon, but 
it is not necessary to understand the details to be able to understand the point 
that I am making about probability). Another trader commented that it was a 
low probability bet. They were indirectly discussing the Trader’s Equation…both 
knew that when the reward is much bigger than the risk (the reward was 5 
times greater than the risk), the probability of success is very small. You will 
lose money most of the time. Some traders don’t mind that, as long as the 
dollars won on a basket of such trades is greater than those lost, then this style 
of trading is profitable and therefore reasonable. Others understand that this 
logic is more theoretical than practical, and most traders will not be profitable if 
they trade very low probability trades because the margin for error is so small. 

19 
 
You have to execute and manage perfectly to do well because if you take ten 
such trades and mess up on one of the winners, you will lose money on the 
basket of ten trades. 
As traders, we swim in a sea of uncertainty, and until you can free yourself from 
emotion, it is impossible to follow what the institutional computers are doing, 
and you can only make money if you do. When you decide to take a trade, be 
honest about just how far away your stop has to be, which often creates a 
greater risk than you want. You have to trade a small enough position size so 
that you really don’t care very much if you win or lose…the “I don’t care” size. 
This gives you the best chance at remaining objective when you enter and exit 
your trade. 
Zero sum game… not really 
Traders early on learn that it is difficult to make money and that the edge is 
small. They then naturally think of ways to increase their edge. An obvious one 
is to use a lot of indicators, like the ones they see in all of the ads on line and in 
the magazines. 
If trading is moving toward perfection, how can anyone make money? Simple. 
We live in a competitive world and some will always be better than others and 
will always make money. Better traders will always have an edge, which is a 
mathematical advantage, and they will make more than everyone else. What 
about the argument that trading is a zero sum game and therefore no one can 
ever really make money long term? Over the next day or two, trading is 
essentially a zero sum game. However, the world economy has been growing at 
about 3% a year forever, and this means that there is ten times more money in 
the world today than in 1987, and 100 times more than in 1927. The pie will 
always grow, so everyone can have a piece, and the better traders will always 
have the biggest pieces. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article in the manual is The importance of institutions. 
 
 

20 
 
Importance of institutional trading 
April 24, 2014 By Al Brooks 
I always assume that in every major market, no trade can take place unless 
there is at least one institution willing to take the buy side and another 
institution willing to take the sell side. I also assume that both know how to 
make money, which means that there is almost always a way to make money 
by buying or selling at any instant. Institutional trading dominate all major 
markets and individual traders are simply not big enough to have any effect. 
Although a trader might believe that his order moved the market, that belief is 
almost always deluded. The market moved only because one or more bearish 
institutions and one or more bullish institutions wanted it to make the move, 
even though time and sales might show that your order was the only one filled 
at that price. 
This is especially true of stocks where many 
institutions trade huge blocks of stock in dark pools, where they can trade 
among themselves out of site of the exchanges. However, they will quickly take 
trades in the exchanges if the price on the exchange moves even a little bit 
from where it is in the dark pool. Just because there is very little volume on 
time and sales does not mean that the volume is low…it still can be huge, and it 
will quickly become visible if the price that you see deviates from the price that 
they are trading among themselves in their dark pools. 
Moreover, traders should also accept that 75% or more of all trading is being 
done by computers. The math is too perfect and the speed if often too fast for 
anything else to be true, although I do not have space in these articles to 
explain the mathematical evidence for this conclusion. I will say that every tick 

21 
 
is important, especially in huge markets like the Emini, and if you spend a lot of 
time studying the market, you can see a reason for every tick that takes place 
during the day. 
In fact, you can see a reasonable trade to consider on every bar during the day. 
What about all of those one lot orders in the Emini or the 100 share orders in 
AAPL? I believe that the majority of them are being placed by computers 
conducting various forms of computerized trading (including high frequency 
trading), and it often involves scaling in or out of trades and hedging against 
positions in related markets. Just think about it…there are some firms are 
placing millions of orders a day across many markets. Scaling into a trade 
means to enter more than once, either at a better or worse price, and scaling 
out means to exit the trade in pieces. They are taking a casino approach, 
making a big number of small trades, each with a small edge, and this can 
result in tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars in profits each year. 
I said that there always has to be an institution taking the opposite side of 
every trade, and that the institution has to have a positive Trader’s Equation, 
and that is true. However, it is not as simple as saying that the instant your 
trade pulled back one tick, an institution shorted with the intention of doing the 
exact opposite of you, risking one tick to a protective buy stop at the same 
price as your profit taking sell limit order above, and using a profit taking buy 
limit order six ticks below at your protective sell stop. If such a theoretical 
institution existed, it would be giving up probability (it is taking a low probability 
bet, since that is the opposite of your high probability bet) to attain a high profit 
relative to the size of its risk, which can make sense if the three variables are 
the right size. 
Although I talk about “at least one institution,” I think of the opposite side as 
being made up of a pool of institutions, all of which have tested algorithms and 
concluded that their combination of risk, reward, and probability has a profitable 
Trader’s Equation. Some of those bears want high probability, which means that 
their reward will be small compare to their risk. For example, they might short 
and sell more higher (scaling into their trade). When done correctly, this results 
in a high probability of a small profit, but the risk can get large if the trader 
builds a big position and has a stop that is far away. A different bear might take 
the opposite side of your trade (it would buy where you are selling out for a 

22 
 
profit) by structuring a trade that favors reward at the expense of risk and 
probability. It does not matter. 
However, it is very important to be comfortable believing that at every instant, 
there is a way to structure both a long and a short trade that have positive 
Trader’s Equations. This is true even in the strongest trends. It is important to 
accept this because it frees you from only considering one direction and forces 
you to remember that you are trading in a market where both the bulls and 
bears make money. This means that it is possible to either buy or sell at any 
instant and make money…if you structure the trade correctly. You also have to 
take enough trades; you can even lose on most of your trades if your winners 
are big enough since they will more than offset your frequent losers. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Price action is genetically based. 
 
 

23 
 
Price action is genetically based 
April 24, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Charts-are-the-same-as-100-years-ago 
Now that computers dominate trading and markets 
are international, a common topic is whether the behavior of markets has 
changed. The movement on charts is called price action and it is a reflection of 
human behavior. Like all behavior, it is genetically based. People have always 
wanted to make money and we all do it by trading all day long. For example, 
when you go to the store, you trade money to get an apple. 
I have looked at charts going back 100 years and I have traded since 1987. If I 
remove the labels from the charts, I cannot tell if the chart is from 1910 or 
2010, and I cannot tell if the chart is a 5 minute Forex chart or a monthly chart 
of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. How can computers not have affected the 
price action? It clearly has some effect, but I believe that algorithms simply look 
for logical patterns and then structure trades where there is a mathematical 
edge. That is exactly what all traders have done in all markets since the 
beginning of time. Trading has always been part of civilization and crucial to 
survival. This means that the more fit traders have an advantage and that their 
genes have been naturally selected over those of incompetent traders for tens 
of thousands of years. The result is that trading is genetically based, and 
computers simply move trading closer to perfection. This is why the charts are 
the same as they were 100 years ago and why the charts of all markets and all 
time frames look the same and always will. All price action is genetically based, 
even if the trading is done by computer. A very experienced price action trader 
can understand what the market is doing during every tick during the day. 

24 
 
 
Dow Jones Industrial Average, weekly chart, during the Great Depression. Price 
action trading will always work because it is based on genetics and logical 
behavior. Without labels, it is impossible to know that this chart is from 80 
years ago. 
Charts are the same in all markets and time frames 
For example, look at the three charts below. I hid the time and price axes to 
illustrate this point. Can you tell which is a gold futures chart, a EURUSD Forex 
foreign exchange chart, and a chart of GE? Also, which is a daily chart during 
the 1987 stock market crash, a 1 minute chart, and a 5 minute chart? 
 

25 
 
Price action trading works on all markets and time frames. Which is the daily 
chart, the 1 minute chart, and the 5 minute chart, and which is a stock, a 
commodity, and a currency? (answer: the figure on the left is a daily chart of 
GE during the 1987 crash, the middle is a 1 minute EURUSD Forex chart, and 
the one on the right is a 5 minute Gold futures chart.) 
Many traders cannot watch the market all day long and instead trade using 60 
minute or daily charts. Although most of the examples in my course involve 5 
minute charts, there are many that use daily, weekly, and monthly charts as 
well. For example, look at Module 43, which I have posted on the site in its 
entirety for free. There is a detailed example of how to trade a price action 
trade in the weekly Forex foreign exchange market. 
Price action traders believe that markets are fractal. This means that bigger 
patterns are composed of a collection of smaller patterns, and no matter how 
tiny a chart you examine, you will still see the same patterns that you see on 
monthly charts. If you look a chart like the ones above where there is no price 
axis on the right and no time axis below, you would not be able to tell if it was a 
5 minute, 60 minute, daily, weekly, or monthly chart, or a chart made of 1,000 
ticks or 50,000 shares. Why is that? Because charts simply represent human 
behavior, which is genetically based, and a higher time frame chart is just a 
bigger collection of behavior. 
Most price action traders trade all charts the same way (obviously adjusting 
position size, risk, and reward, based on their usual maximum risk for any 
trade), and you probably will as well after you learn how to trade. You see this 
on television all the time…an expert will show daily, weekly, and monthly charts 
and use the same words to describe them. He looks for trends, trading ranges, 
support, and resistance, and does not care what the time frame is. When I 
trade the 60 minute chart or a daily chart, I use the exact same analysis that I 
use on a 5 minute chart. However, when I hold trades for days to weeks at a 
time, it is usually in the form of options because I want to contain my risk. 
With High Frequency Trading firms getting so much press because some are 
incredibly profitable, there is a tendency among traders to move toward smaller 
and smaller time frame charts. I have noticed that there are several people 
promoting these charts as a way for traders to make money. I strongly believe 

26 
 
that most traders will only lose and never win long-term if they use very small 
time frames. I address the reasons in the course, but the most fundamental one 
is that these charts do not give traders enough time to think clearly and they 
end up making too many mistakes. A 5 minute chart is a good place to start, 
and I recommend avoiding any chart where there are more than 20 bars per 
hour. 
Seasonal tendencies 
There are some seasonal tendencies that can be shown statistically. I 
sometimes bring them up in the trading room at the appropriate time of the 
year. For example, during January, there is a tradition on Wall St. to find 
significance in what happens early in the year. Traders like to think of January 
as a barometer and look for statistics about whether the new year will be an up 
or down year based on what happens in January. Although the statistics are 
valid, they do not help in structuring trades. 
Here is my list of January observations: 
On average, every year has a 67% chance of closing above where it opened and 
only 33% chance of being down. 
If the 1st 5 days of January are up, January is up 76% of the time. However, all 
months are up 65% of the time, so this is only a small improvement. If it has a 
head start, it makes sense that the odds for the entire year being up are better. 
If the first 5 days are negative, Jan is down 60% of the time, instead of only 
35%. 
If January is up, the year is up 82% of the time, and the average gain from 
February to December is 8.5%. This makes sense since the year has a 67% of 
being up anyway, and this is another example of a head start increasing the 
odds for the entire year. 
If January is down, the average gain from February to December is only 1.7%, 
and the year has a 58% chance of being down, instead of the usual 33%. 
Here are some other calendar observations: 
“Sell in May and go away” is an adage that is still reliable. The stock market 
makes most of its gains from October through April. 

27 
 
There is tendency to get a rally at the 4th of July, which might be more due to 
the end of the 2nd quarter. The period between June 26 and July 6 has a rally 
75% of the time, and the best is June 30 to July 5. 
September is weakest month for bonds and S&P. However, on average, the it is 
only 1% worse than other months, and that 1% can come in a single day. That 
means that most of the days are like those during the res of the year. 
The market tends to rally around Labor day, especially from August 30 to 
September 5. 
October sometimes has big down moves like in 1929 and 1987. However, it 
usually closes strong, even if there is a sharp selloff. The close on November 5 
is above the close of October 26 about 95% of the time. This is in part because 
it is the end of the year for mutual funds and the funds buy stocks to make their 
portfolios look good. This is called window dressing. Fund managers want to 
make sure that the quarterly reports show that the funds owned all of the best 
stocks at the end of the quarter. This gives them plausible deniability so that 
when someone criticizes their bad performance, they can claim that they had 
the right stocks, but random fluctuations created their bad performance. 
The adage “Thanksgiving is owned by the bears and Christmas by the bulls” is 
not reliable at all. 
In election years, even only congressional elections, most of the gains occur in 
the final 12 weeks, starting in mid-September, and most of the year is usually a 
trading range. 
The Dogs of the Dow theory says that traders should buy last year’s worst Dow 
30 stocks because they will catch up to the great performers this year. This is 
not reliable, and you get what you pay for. If you are paying little, buying a 
beaten down stock, you are getting little. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Bar counting. 

28 
 
Bar counting 
May 10, 2014 By Al Brooks 
In a bull breakout, once the low of a bar falls below the low of 
the prior bar, that dip is a pullback. All traders want to make money. Successful 
traders know that one good way in a strong bull trend is to place a stop order to 
buy above the high of that bar. That bar is called a high 1 signal bar. If the 
market then goes above the bar, but pulls back again, it is forming a second leg 
in the pullback. The low of this second leg might even fall below the low of the 
first leg. Whether it does or not, bulls will place a buy stop order above the high 
of this new pullback. If their order is filled, that pullback bar was a high 2 signal 
bar (high 2 because it was the second small leg of the pullback in the bull 
trend). If the market does not go above the high 2 signal bar and continues 
down, the bulls will keep lowering their buy order to one tick above the high of 
the prior bar. 
 

29 
 
This is a big high 2 buy setup after a strong bull breakout. It is also a double 
bottom higher low major trend reversal (all double bottoms are high 2 buy 
setups). 
Sometimes the market will have a third leg down, forming a high 3 buy setup, 
which is usually a wedge bull flag. Corrections can even get more complex. For 
example, the market might trigger a high 2 or high 3 buy entry, rally for a few 
bars, but then break below the bottom of the bull flag. This breakout often has 
two or three legs down and often falls for a measured move down and then 
forms a new high 2 or high 3 buy setup-. On a higher timeframe chart (if the 
trader was looking at a 5 minute chart, a higher timeframe might be a 15 or 60 
minute chart), the first bottom attempt might a high 1 setup and the second 
might then be a high 2 buy setup. 
 
Some traders will look at this as a pair of high 2 buy setups where the first one 
failed and the count began again, and others will call it a high 4 (it is a zig zag 
in Elliott Wave language). 
If there is a bear bar on the 5 minute chart, but it does not fall below the low of 
the prior bar, and then there is a bull bar, and then another bear bar, this is 
also a high 2 buy setup. If a trader looked at a smaller timeframe chart (like a 1 
minute chart), he would see that bars actually fell below the low of the prior 
bar. This is a legitimate high 2 buy setup on the 5 minute chart. 

30 
 
The counts are frequently not clear, but that does not matter. Never lose sight 
of the goal…traders see a bull trend and are looking to buy as a pullback is 
ending and the trend is resuming. When a trader cannot tell if the market is 
forming a high 1, 2, 3, or 4, but sees a good bull signal bar, he will simply buy 
one tick above the high of that bar and not worry about the exact count. 
This is all true in bull trends and in bull legs in trading ranges, and at the 
bottom of trading ranges where traders often look to buy a small double bottom 
(all double bottoms are high 2 buy setups). 
The opposite is true in a bear trend. Traders will look to short below low 1, 2, 3, 
or 4 signal bars. 
 
Any pattern with 3 pushes is a wedge. A wedge top or bear flag is a low 3 sell 
setup and a wedge bottom or bull flag is a high 3 buy setup. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Extreme scalping = manual high frequency trading. 
 
 

31 
 
Extreme scalping and manual high frequency 
trading (HFT) 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Reductio ad absurdum 
“If I can make more money on the 5 minute than on 
the daily chart, I surely can make much more on the 1 minute chart.” This 
ignores the practical limitations of the human brain… we are not computers, and 
we have real time limits for our ability to process information and make 
decisions accurately. If we do not have enough time, we are more likely to 
make bad decisions. For most traders, they should be trading charts that have 
no more than 20 bars per hour. Most should trade a 5 minute chart or even a 
higher time frame. What looks obvious on a printed chart after the close, when 
you can see all of the bars to the right of your signal bar, is usually not obvious 
real time. Also, a bar often looks far different in the second that it closes than it 
did even one second earlier. This means that a trader has much less time that 
what he might believe when he looks at a chart at the end of the day. 
I see setups to either buy or sell or either on almost every bar during every 
day. Although I could take most of the traders, I do not because taking 40 or 
more scalps a day is draining and not fun, and at this stage in my life, I much 
rather take setups that are fun as well as profitable. 
Should you enter or exit on every bar as you day trade futures, foreign 
exchange, or the stock market online? Obviously not, but be aware that there 

32 
 
are trading opportunities at every second of the day, not just when a certain 
pattern is present. If you understand the market cycle, what the market is 
doing at the moment, and how to structure and manage trades, you are in a 
position to make a profitable trade at any time of the day. 
 
You do not need to take every trade, but each green arrow is a reasonable buy 
entry and each red arrow is a good short. Virtually no one should trade every 
trade because it is too draining to do consistently for years. However, if a trader 
is flat and looking to enter, if he understands price action, he usually does not 
have to wait for more than a bar or two before he finds a setup that allows him 
to structure a trade with a positive trader’s equation. 
“If I can make money when scalping for 20 ticks, I can make even more if I 
take far more trades, scalping for 1 – 3 ticks!” This is another fallacy that I see 
promoted on different websites and it is an example of theory colliding with 
reality. Not only is there the problem of our inability to process information 
accurately when we have to decide too quickly, there are the additional problem 
of overhead…slippage, spreads, and commissions. Most traders cannot trade 
Eminis for less than about $5 round turn commissions. If they scalp for one 
point, their net profit is $45 when they win and their net loss is $55 when they 
lose. If they scalp for one tick, then they make $7.50 on their winners and lose 
$17.50 on their losers. They usually have to buy at the bid and sell at the offer, 
which means that they have to give up one tick when they enter and another 
when they exit. This means that the market has to move three ticks for them to 

33 
 
make one. They almost always have to risk at least two to four ticks. Let’s say a 
trader is trading the 5 minute char and he risks an average of three ticks, which 
is $37.50. So, he needs the market to move three ticks in his direction before it 
moves three ticks against him. When he is right, he will net $7.50, assuming 
there is no slippage and he never makes mistakes. When he is wrong, he will 
lose $37.50, or 5 times more. To breakeven, he has to be right 80% of the 
time. To make a profit, he has to be right 90 – 95% of the time. And that is not 
just on the next three trades for the next three days. It is for the rest of his 
career. Yes, this is theoretically possible, and Paul Rotter supposedly made 
millions scalping for three ticks in the Forex, but it is so difficult and unrealistic 
that traders should never even try. 
So, if a three tick goal is too small, what is reasonable? It varies with every 
market, but traders can quickly figure it out by looking at the price action. 
When looking for stop entry setups, if there are a lot of 6 tick moves in the 
Emini, then a lot of traders and computers are scalping for 4 ticks (if they enter 
on a stop one tick beyond the signal bar, the market usually has to move 5 
more ticks for a limit order to be filled four ticks from the entry price). If there 
are a lot of 22 cent moves on crude oil, many are scalping for 20 cents. If there 
are a lot of 12 pip moves in the EURUD, then traders are scalping for 10 pips. If 
a trader is looking at limit order sets, everything will be 1 tick less. For 
example, if there are a lot of 9 tick moves in the Emini, then many traders are 
scalping for two points (8 ticks). 
Since scalping is extremely difficult to do profitably long term, most traders 
should look for trades where the reward is at least twice as big as the risk. If a 
trader thinks that he needs a 20 pip stop in the EURJPY, he should plan to hold 
for a 40 pip profit. During strong breakouts, the momentum is very strong, 
which means that the probability of follow through is high. In these cases, the 
probability of a profitable trade is 60% or more, which means that it is 
mathematically reasonable to scalp for a reward that is the same as the risk, 
instead of two times bigger. If he risks $2 in a gold breakout, he can exit with a 
$2 profit and still have a mathematically sensible trade. There is a little more to 
this because the initial risk is not the same as the actual risk, and the profit 
target usually should be based on the actual risk. If a trader initially risks 50 
pips in a EURUSD trade and the market went against him for 12 pips and then 
quickly went his way, he now knows that he actually had to risk only 13 pips to 
avoid being stopped out. This means that his actual risk was only 13 pips, not 

34 
 
50 pips. All of the computers can detect this and many will then adjust their 
profit target based on this actual risk. This means that many will take partial 
profits at 13 ticks, where you will often see a small pullback from the profit 
taking. 
Why did I choose a reward that is two times the risk for most trades? This is 
because most traders are never very confident about their assessment of the 
probability when they enter a trade. Remember, there has to be something in it 
for the institution taking the opposite side of your trade…he has to be able to 
make a profit if he structures his trade correctly (which often means he will 
scale in). He thinks his side is good and you think that yours is good. The result 
is that we trade in a gray fog and nothing is ever very clear. However, at almost 
every instant in every market, the probability that the next 5 ticks will be up 
rather than down is between 40 and 60%. This means that if you buy or sell at 
any time and hold for a reward that is about the same size as your risk (you 
really should try for a reward that is twice as big), you will have at least a 40% 
chance of success. If you plug 40% into the Trader’s Equation, you will see that 
you will need to hold for a reward that it at least twice as big as your risk to 
make a reasonable profit over time. Bottom line…you are always going to be 
uncertain when you enter, but if you always try for a reward that his twice as 
big as your risk, the math is on your side. 
Also, whenever you have a profit that is twice as big as your risk, you can 
always exit. The math always is good enough for this approach to be profitable 
over time. If the trend is strong, the math is in your favor if you hold for a 
bigger profit, but it is always mathematically reasonable to exit part or all of any 
trade once the profit is twice the risk. Also, if the trade is a high probability 
trade (60% or more), it is mathematically reasonable to exit part or all of the 
position once the profit gets as large as the risk (you can plug the numbers into 
the Trader’s Equation to verify this). 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is The folly of trading with fundamentals. 
 
 

35 
 
The folly of trading fundamentals 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
So, who uses fundamental information when 
trading? It only can benefit investors, who hold positions for months at a time. 
Although you often hear traders on television mention fundamentals when they 
place trades lasting for a few days, they do not realize that they erroneously 
believe that the fundamentals improve their profitability. The fundamentals do 
not help traders make money, but traders often mention them because of 
tradition on Wall Street. They are afraid that their peers might respect them 
less for being purely technical traders. To me, this is foolish, just as it is foolish 
to be ashamed to be a day trader. When people ask me what I do for a living, I 
look at them straight in the eye and tell them I am a day trader, and my 
confident stare dares them to say something disrespectful. 
Technical trading was disparaged for generations and is slowly being accepted 
as a very profitable way to trade. Most High Frequency Trading (HFT) firms use 
technical information exclusively, and many are making fortunes. This has gone 
a long way in making the Street and the public accept the proposition that 
technical trading can be profitable long term. However, HFT trading is done by 
computers, and there is still resistance to the idea that many traders can trade 
profitably manually using technicals alone. 

36 
 
The reality is that almost all profitable traders who hold their positions for only a 
few days or less are making their decisions entirely based on price action, even 
though most do not realize it. They want to be seen as mainstream members of 
the Street, where all of the firms are still dominated by a fundamental mindset, 
and feel compelled to find a fundamental reason to support their trade. Over 
time, this tendency will disappear and traders will feel free to admit to 
themselves and to their friends that they are getting rich from price action 
trading alone, and that fundamentals do not improve their profitability at all. 
I am a day trader and am out of most trades within 15 minutes to an hour, and 
this means that fundamentals are totally useless for me. Fundamentals 
ultimately control the direction of any market over the course of months to 
years, but their impact on markets is far less clear than what the public 
believes. I strongly agree with Nobel Prize laureate, Bob Shiller, who says, “The 
whole idea that the stock market reflects fundamentals is, I think, wrong. It 
really reflects psychology. The aggregate stock market reflects psychology more 
than fundamentals.” 
If JPM is a better bank than a competitor, it is worth relatively more. In simplest 
terms, its stock will usually have a higher price per dollar of earnings. However, 
if the overall economy is falling apart, its P/E ratio will fall, meaning that its 
price will fall, even if its earnings are good. So, what should its price be? No one 
ever knows, but investors will likely pay more per dollar of earnings than they 
would for a bank of lesser quality. That is pretty much the extent of the impact 
of fundamentals, other than an occasional news event. 
The fundamentals have nothing to do with the actual price of anything, only 
with the relative price, and even then, their effect is too non-specific to be of 
any value to a trader, who will hold a position for minutes to a few days. I think 
that traders should never pay any attention to the fundamentals or the news 
because neither can fully be understood, whereas the price action is 
undeniable…to traders who know how to read it. If more dollars want to buy, 
the price will increase and anyone can see it on the chart. It does not matter if 
the fundamentals, news, or experts on TV say it should go down. BUY!!! 

37 
 
This question comes up regularly, and my simplest answer is that I trade 
currency futures and Forex foreign exchange markets entirely on the basis of 
price action and have no interest in the fundamentals. 
This is a good place to discuss the difference between a trader and an investor. 
A trader is looking for fast money. If he is a day trader, he is looking to exit 
within minutes to a few hours. If he is trading daily charts, he is looking to get 
out in a day to a week or so. How to trade as an investor? An investor is much 
more inclined to pay attention to fundamentals and is planning on holding a 
position for many months or even years. For example, he might buy GOOG 
because he thinks it has great management and a strong balance sheet. 
Fundamentals ultimately control the direction of any market, but their effect is 
over the course of months, not days. Although you will hear traders talk about 
fundamentals, once you learn how to trade, you might come to agree with me 
that they are not important to a trader. There is an occasional news item that 
can move the market for a few days, but almost all moves less than a week in 
duration are based on price action. The market is constantly racing to support 
or resistance, where the market either breaks out or reverses. I believe that 
this is the concept that almost all profitable traders use to make their money, 
and you will probably agree as you learn more about how to trade online. 
One more point about fundamentals—they are far less clear than what the 
pundits on television would like you to believe. The movement on the chart tells 
you how to trade…it tells you whether more money sees the news as bullish or 
bearish, and this is much more important than the analysis by either a bull or 
bear on TV. The market is usually extremely well-balanced between buyers and 
sellers, resulting in almost constant confusion, and therefore a very small edge 
for even the best traders. 

38 
 
Have you ever waited for that perfect trade? 
If you did, you are probably still waiting because what you soon discover is that 
no setup is quite good enough. There is an institutional buyer and an 
institutional seller at every tick on every chart. One side believes the market if 
going up and the other thinks it will go down. Except during the 5% of the time 
when the market is breaking out strongly, the market is very balanced between 
the bulls and the bears. When CNBC puts on that bullish analyst, it is easy to 
conclude that the market has to go up. Well, a bear sold to that bull, and he is 
probably every bit as smart as the bull, yet you only get to hear one side. You 
have to remember that there is always an opposite side, and that is why there 
is a market…both sides need each other to achieve their goals of either buying 
or selling. 
Also, the fundamentals are far more complex than what television portrays, and 
most institutions know them before they make the news. They are already 
factored into the current price and you are deluded if you think that you or any 
pundit on TV can predict the movement over the next few days because of 
some profound insight into the fundamentals. If it is important, the institutions 
have already entered and you are entering late…they are already placing trades 
based on tomorrows news! 
Also, if the Yen currency futures or Forex is falling, it is too simplistic to say that 
it is because of Japan printing money. That might be a big part of the reason, at 
least initially, but many institutional traders around the world are placing trades 
based on many other fundamental reasons that are impossible for you to ever 
know. Saudi Arabia might own a lot of Yen, but now thinks that the US economy 
is becoming strong. They might sell their Yen to buy American stocks. A bank in 
Europe might sell much of the Yen it might be holding because it has to pay a 
huge fine to the government, and the fine has to be paid in Euros. Many of the 
new shorts are simply momentum traders who are selling because the trend is 

39 
 
down, and they have no interest in the reason why the Yen is falling. I believe 
that worrying about fundamentals is not how to trade. 
In 2012, CNBC had a television show called Money in Motion and it dealt with 
Forex foreign exchange online trading. They discussed every trade in terms of 
both the fundamentals and technical analysis (the price action), but only placed 
trades in the direction of the trend and almost always at support or resistance. 
Most of the trades were pullback entries with a reward of about twice the risk. 
In my Brooks Trading Course videos, I discuss the mathematics of why most 
traders should only take trades where the reward it at least twice the risk, so 
regardless of the fundamentals, they were recommending reasonable price 
action trades and mathematically sound trade management. 
These television traders would make some professorial comment about their 
profound understanding of the fundamentals, but it was total nonsense. What 
they argued was similar to what traders say when they trade with lots of 
indicators. For example, a trader might say, “There is a stochastics divergence 
and therefore I am buying.” Strong trends have an endless stream of 
divergences and profitable traders would never bet on a reversal based on an 
indicator alone. In fact, I believe that all profitable traders trade mostly, if not 
exclusively, based on price action, even though many argue that they are also 
basing their decisions additionally on fundamentals or indicators. 
If you listen carefully to what they are saying, they invariably tell you that they 
will not take the trade unless the price action supports what they are doing, and 
every trade is in the direction of the trend, and based on support or resistance. 
They then force their discussion of the fundamentals to fit what they are going 
to do regardless of the fundamentals, and their trading is really based entirely 
on the price action. This means that the fundamentals are entirely irrelevant to 
what they are doing. The same is true of indicators. Successful traders will only 
trade if the price action makes sense, regardless of what indicators or 
fundamentals show. 
Are the Forex markets special in some way, like so many ads for Forex 
brokerage accounts make it appear? Not at all. Simply look at the three charts 
in the previous section and ask yourself if can tell which is the EURUSD. I am 
certain that you cannot, and therefore you will see that the price action in all 

40 
 
markets is the same. I mention in the course that I believe that charts are 
genetically based since each is simply a representation of human behavior. If 
you become skilled at reading what the charts are telling you, you will have an 
edge, which you need to trade profitably. I do not believe that fundamentals 
give a trader any edge at all. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is The folly of trading with indicators. 
 
 

41 
 
The folly of technical analysis indicators 
April 24, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Whenever a trader begins his quest to learn how to make 
money, he naturally looks for information, and ads and websites are reasonable 
resources. He will invariably find many that are extremely professional and 
showcase lots of indicators. He then concludes that complicated computer 
screens with lots of quote screens and charts filled with indicators are an 
inescapable necessity. However, if he instead listens to professional traders on 
television, he never hears anything about indicators, and instead only hears 
about the market testing its old highs or a trend line. How could these traders 
ever be making money without all of those indicators? Because most profitable 
traders have a relatively simple approach, and it almost always based on 
reading price action. They look for support and resistance and watch how the 
market responds when it gets there. 
During a strong bull breakout, they simply buy at the market and hold until the 
market gets to resistance, where they take partial or full profits. During a strong 
bear breakout, they take profits at support. Beginners are naturally afraid and 
are looking for protection. They look to gurus and indicators, hoping that these 
gods will protective them from trading death and lead them to nirvana. What 
they soon learn is that they still lose money, even when they do exactly what 
their false gods tell them to do. How can that be? The experts on television look 
rich and must be great traders. The indicators in the ads must surely be what 
the professionals use. What they do not realize is that trading is much simpler 
and the key to success comes from within. Traders simply have to spend a lot of 
time learning how to find support and resistance and how to structure and 
manage trades. Everything else is a lie. 

42 
 
I have never met any successful trader who makes his trading decisions based 
on lots of charts covered with indicators. I believe that the exact opposite is 
true. Indicators are all derived from price, so if you can read price action, why 
add all of those indicators that only obscure the charts and give you the false 
hope that they will somehow help you trade better? You are simply trying to 
find a crutch that you hope will support you until you finally become profitable. 
Successful traders take responsibility for their decisions and do not look for a 
powerful outside force like a mystical indicator or a trading guru to guide them 
to financial heaven. 
Look at the two charts below. The first one looks like it could be in an ad. Lots 
of colorful indicators, but they make it very difficult to see what you are actually 
trying to trade…the price! The second one is the same chart, but without 
indicators except for a 20 bar exponential moving average. Even that is not 
necessary to trade profitably. I use it because it acts as support and resistance 
and therefore provides several trades that might not otherwise be evident. This 
simple chart is how I look at charts when I trade, and most successful traders 
use something similar. 
Some traders might use tick or volume charts, or one or two indicators, but 
they all make most of their decisions based on price action. They want to buy at 
support and sell at resistance, and the best traders are extremely good at 
understanding the many forms that support and resistance take and how tests 
look when they are likely to be successful. The strong the buying pressure (I 
will discuss this in a later article), the more likely the market will go up, whether 
it has pulled back to support or rallied to resistance. The stronger the selling 
pressure, the more likely it will go down. 

43 
 
 
Ads and websites want you to believe that you can get rich if you trade a chart 
that has lots of indicators…more information, more money! 
 
This is the same chart with only a 20 bar exponential moving average. This is 
how price action traders trade. Don’t hide all of this great information behind 
lots of indicators! 
Look at the two charts below and decide which one is more likely going to lead 
to a profitable trade. One has lots of technical analysis indicators that make the 
chart extremely difficult to read. Beginners gravitate to charts like that because 

44 
 
they are afraid of price, and they get constant messages from websites and 
magazine ads that implicitly tell them that adding lots of indicators will give 
them the edge needed to beat the other guy. They know that price is truth and 
that they cannot yet make money. Hiding the price action is a way of denying 
the truth, as you will discover as you learn how to trade. Price action traders 
prefer the second chart. The signals are clear, but it takes a long time to 
develop the skill to read the chart as it unfolds and then manage the trade 
appropriately. There is nothing magical; learning how to trade successfully is 
actually quite boring most of the time, but I personally find the waiting to be 
very peaceful. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Trading Breakouts. 
 
 

45 
 
Trading breakouts 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Markets are created by institutions so that they can 
quickly buy or sell when they want at a fair price and with a tight spread. Their 
goal is the same as ours…they want to make money by trading. The market is 
always searching for a price that is fair for both sides, and that is why is spends 
most of the time in trading ranges, which are areas of agreement. Breakouts up 
and down are brief moves that occur because both the bulls and bears agree 
that the price is too low in a bull breakout or too high in a bear breakout, and 
the market needs to move quickly to a new area of agreement. 
What is an area of agreement? It is a trading range. It is a price range where 
confusion reigns, and that is why trades rarely look certain. Most of the time, 
the market is fairly balanced and there are reasonable arguments for both the 
bulls and the bears. Whenever you feel confused, whenever you can think of a 
good reason not to take a trade, or whenever you can see both reasonable buy 
and sell setups, then you should assume that the market is in a trading range. 
This confusion and balance is the goal of all markets. They are trying to find a 
price where the bulls think it is sensible to buy and the bears think it makes 
sense to sell. As the market works higher in the range, the bulls think the price 
is less fair and they buy less. 
Many bulls will take small profits and therefore are now selling. The bears who 
were shorting a few bars ago see this as an even better value and they sell 
more. The imbalance results in the price moving back down. When the market 
tests support, which is the bottom of the range, there are fewer bears willing to 

46 
 
short, and other bears are taking profits on their shorts and therefore are now 
buyers. Bulls see the lower price as an even better value than what it was a few 
bars ago and they buy more. The market then works up to test the resistance at 
the top of the range. Markets have inertia and when a market is in a trading 
range, 80% of the attempts to break out will fail. 
Eventually, a breakout will succeed and then the market is in a trend, racing up 
to the next resistance level or down to the next support level, in search of a 
price where both the bull and bears agree once again that there is value in 
trading, which is the next trading range. As a market is trending, it is constantly 
trying to reverse, but because of inertia, 80% of reversal attempts will fail and 
lead to pullbacks and then resumptions of the trend. Each reversal attempt is at 
a resistance level, whether or not you see it, and it is due mostly to profit 
taking. 
Later in the trend, pullbacks become deeper and more complex and counter 
trend scalps begin to play a bigger role on the price action. If a pullback starts 
to accumulate a lot of bars, the trend fades further to the left on the chart and 
its effect on the future direction dissipates. After 20 bars or so, the effect is 
entirely gone and the market is then in a trading range. At this point, the 
probability of the direction of the eventual breakout falls to about 50% for both 
the bulls and bears. It becomes equally likely that the trend will resume or 
reverse. 
The most valuable skill that a trader can develop is the ability to understand 
breakouts. Breakouts of what? Breakouts of everything. The simplest breakout 
is a move above the high or below the low of the prior bar, but the market can 
break out above or below prior highs, prior lows, trend lines, channels, 
measured move targets, moving averages, or any other form of support or 
resistance. 
If the current bar moves above the high of the bar that just closed, will there be 
more buyers or more sellers? You are asking yourself whether the breakout will 
succeed and be followed by enough of a move up for a profitable long trade, or 
whether it will fail and even possibly reverse and be the start of a profitable 
short trade. I have frequently talked in lectures and in my video course about 
the characteristics of a breakout that increase the chances that it will succeed, 

47 
 
and these are all signs of buying pressure. If instead of signs of buying 
pressure, there are signs of selling pressure on the breakout bar or following 
bars, the chances that the breakout will fail and reverse down increase. 
One important consideration is context, which means all of the bars to the left. 
If the market has been in a trading range for a hundred bars, the chances that 
the breakout will succeed are small. Markets have inertia and tend to continue 
to do what they have been doing. When the market is in a trading range, most 
breakout attempts will fail, even if the breakout races strongly up to the top of 
the range. This is a buy vacuum that is testing resistance. Think of the top of 
the trading range (and all support and resistance) as a magnet. The closer that 
the market gets to the magnet, the strong the magnetic pull and the faster the 
market tends to get drawn to the magnet. When it is pulled up to resistance, 
the move is a buy vacuum. When it is pulled down to support, it is in a sell 
vacuum. Once it gets its target (support or resistance), the magnetism greatly 
reduces and can disappear completely. 
 
Strong breakouts have two or more consecutive strong trend bars (closes near 
their extremes and often big bodies). For example, the bull breakout from bar 1 
to bar 2 had 5 consecutive bull bars with 4 of them closing near their highs, and 
7 bars without a bear body. This strong buying pressure increases the chances 
that any pullback will be followed by at least a second leg up. The breakout to 
bar 6 was weaker because it was small compared to the bear breakout from bar 
4 to bar 5, a second leg down was likely after the strong bear breakout, and the 

48 
 
bull bars were weaker (they had smaller bodies with prominent tails on the tops 
of the bars). 
How does that happen? In a trading range, as the market is going up, bulls and 
bears expect the market to reach the top. If you are a bear, you will be inclined 
to stop selling once it becomes clear that the market will reach the resistance 
level because if you wait, you can sell at a better price. This means that there is 
a relative absence of bears just below resistance. Bulls know that once the 
market gets close, the probability of reaching and ever slightly surpassing 
resistance increases so bull scalpers, like HFT firms, buy aggressively. The 
buying by the bulls and the absence of selling by the bears often creates a big 
bull trend bar or several big bull trend bars that quickly race to the top of the 
range. Then, the bulls take profits and bears short aggressively. 
The result is that the market reverses, even though it just strongly raced it. It 
was in a buy vacuum up to the top, and if it gets near the bottom of the range, 
it will probably enter a sell vacuum down to the bottom, which will be in the 
form or one of more big bear bars closing on their lows. However, since most 
trading range breakouts fail, the market will probably then reverse back up. 
Eventually a breakout will succeed and a trend will ensue, and signs of building 
buying or selling pressure within the trading range can sometimes allow a swing 
trader to enter early, but most breakout attempts will fail. 
During the strong bear breakout, traders will look to short for any reason (in a 
bull breakout, traders will use a similar approach for their buy entries). They will 
sell: 
• at the market 
• any small pullback as the bar is forming or after it closes 
• on the close of any bar, whether there is a bull or bear close 
• above the high of the prior bar using limit orders 
• below the low of the prior bar using a stop order. 
The ideal protective stop is above the top of the breakout (the bar 1 high). 
Some traders are unwilling to risk that much and they might use a money stop, 
like 20 pips (ticks) from their entry price. Remember the math. If a trader 
chooses to risk less, he will have to pay for it with a lower probability of 
success. Wide stops have a higher winning percentage, but the occasional loser 

49 
 
can be as big as several smaller losses that would have come from tighter 
stops. There is no right answer, but some stops are obviously is too tight or too 
wide, so don’t use them. 
Another way to reduce risk less is to trail the stop to just above the high of the 
most recent strong bear bar (trailing the stop in a bear trend means to move 
the stop down as the market continues to fall). After each new leg down, 
traders will move their stop down to just above the most recent lower high. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Channels. 
 
 

50 
 
Trend channels 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
All traders want to learn how to make money, and one important fact they need 
to understand is that every market is always in trend channels. As soon as you 
see a line, you have to conclude that there is a channel, even if you do not see 
the other line. I am constantly drawing lines on the chart to help me anticipate 
where the market might break out or reverse. If the market ignores the line by 
either breaking strongly through it or by not reaching it, I erase the line and 
ignore it as well. The channel goes up in a bull trend, down in a bear trend, and 
sideways in a trading range. The lines converge in a triangle and diverge in an 
expanding triangle. When a triangle slopes up or down, I call it a wedge. 
However, I use the term loosely and I call any diagonal pattern a wedge if it has 
three pushes, even if the channel lines are parallel and not convergent (wedge 
shaped). It does not matter because the pattern functions the same as a 
textbook wedge. 
 
A wedge is any pattern that has three pushes, and therefore it is a test of a 
trend channel line, which can lead to a reversal or a breakout (for example, the 
wedge bear flag at bar 14 had a bull breakout). When the pattern is horizontal, 
it is called a triangle. Most wedges do not have a wedge shape, but still function 
as if they are perfect. 

51 
 
The computers that control the mkt do not limit themselves to horizontal 
channels, and do not care if the channel is horizontal or sloped, or even steeply 
sloped. They just keep generating trades based on lines, which are a type of 
support or resistance. 
Nothing is random because 70% of the volume is traded by computers, and 
they are all using logic. The more experience a trader has, the more he can see 
what the comps are seeing. If enough comps see the same thing, then the mkt 
does something. Everything that happens is because a critical mass of 
computers is seeing the same thing, and that creates a move. There is no noise 
or randomness in the market and every tick means something. 
I know that this might sound weird and conspiratorial, but it is the only thing 
that I can think of that is consistent with what I see every day and in every 
market. It simply makes sense. 
Every line needs at least two points. As soon as traders see two points, like a 
higher low after a reversal up, or a double top in a trading range, they draw 
lines and extend them to the right. If the market returns to the line later on, 
they will look for a reversal at the line, which usually happens. Sometimes the 
reversal comes just before reaching the line, and other times it occurs after 
breaking beyond the line. If instead there is a strong breakout, they then will 
look to trade in the direction of the breakout. The lines are often exact, 
especially in the Emini, but in general, traders should think of the lines as being 
drawn with a fat crayon instead of a sharp pencil. 
Remember the market cycle. The market is always either in a trend or a trading 
range. Trends begin as breakouts and then transition into channels. Channels 
eventually evolve into trading ranges, which then breakout again, and the 
breakout can be in either direction. 
Once a breakout begins to have pullbacks, the trend has transitioned from its 
breakout phase into its channel phase. Some channels are so steep and tight 
that they are as strong as breakouts. When that is the case, they are breakouts 
on higher time frame charts. For example, a very tight channel on a 5 minute 
chart is a breakout on a 15 minute chart. 

52 
 
Some channels are broad and have very wide swings. Other channels are tight 
and have with very small pullbacks. If a trader cannot decide if a channel is 
broad or tight, he should assume that it is tight and only trade in the direction 
of the trend. If instead the channel is clearly broad, then he can consider 
trades. A channel can only be broad if both the bulls and bears are reasonably 
strong and this means that the channel is basically a trading range that is 
sloped up or down. For example, in a broad bull channel, a trader can buy for 
scalps or for swings. The pullbacks from new highs are deep enough so he can 
also short. Since the shorts are against the trend, he should only scalp when 
shorting. 
 
Channels are either tight or broad. When tight, only trade in the direction of the 
trend and you can swing trade or scalp. 
When a channel is reasonably broad, a trader can also consider taking 
countertrend trades. He should try hard to buy the dips because it is a bull 
trend. He can swing or scalp his long traders. He can also consider shorting new 
highs, but since this is countertrend trading, the shorts are only scalps. 
Once there is a pullback in a breakout, the market usually enters the channel 
phase, but sometimes there will be another breakout or two before the channel 
begins, and at other times, the channel is so small that the market essentially 
just enters a trading range. During the channel phase, they will be more 
cautious with their entries. For example, in a bear channel, they will no longer 
short below or above every bar. They will begin to prefer to sell a little higher, 

53 
 
like below the low of a bar in a small rally to near the moving average. Many 
will still be willing to sell above bars and scale in higher if the bar is part of a 
weak looking buy setup. The idea is that if the bull reversal setup looks weak, 
there will probably be more sellers than buyers above the high of the buy signal 
bar, and therefore selling exactly where these losing bulls buy makes sense. 
The stronger the bull bars (the more buying pressure), the more the bears will 
want a strong bear signal bar before shorting. 
Traders trade channels and trading ranges similarly since they both are areas of 
two-sided trading. Since a channel is simply anything between two lines, a 
trading range is simply a horizontal channel. In a channel, one side is stronger 
and in a trading range, both are equal. In general, I use the size of a scalp to 
determine whether I should take a countertrend trade. If an Emini scalp is 4 
ticks, I would like to see a recent move down of 8 to 12 ticks before I would 
consider shorting in a trading range or in a bull channel. Similarly, I would like 
to see an 8 to 12 tick rally in a trading range or a bear channel before 
considering long scalps. If I am looking for a 20 pip scalp buy in a trading range 
or a bear channel in the EURUSD, I would like to see a recent 40 pip rally first 
to show me that the bulls are strong enough to move the market up far enough 
for my scalp to be profitable. 
Microchannels 
A microchannel is a tight channel where there are no pullbacks. For example, if 
the market is rising for 6 bars and the low of each bar is at or above the low of 
the prior bar, this is a 6 bar bull Microchannel. 
Microchannels should be thought of as breakouts, and most usually are 
breakouts on higher time frame charts. When the bars are small, it is easy to 
miss what the market is telling you. For example, if there are 10 consecutive 
bars, which can be small and unremarkable, where each low is at or above the 
low of the prior bar, this is a 10 bar bull Microchannel. This means that the bulls 
have owned the market for the past 10 bars, even if the bars and price rise are 
small. When a Microchannel occurs early in a trend, it is often followed by a 
strong acceleration and breakout. When one occurs at the end of a trend, it is 
often an exhaustive climax that is soon followed by a two-legged correction. 

54 
 
 
The market rallied for 13 bars without a bar falling below the low of the prior 
bar. This is a microchannel, with is an extreme form of a tight channel. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Support and resistance. 
 
 

55 
 
Support and resistance 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Listen carefully to traders on television who are 
making money every day because they can help you learn how to trade. Do you 
ever hear them say that they are shorting because there is a Harami or a Dark 
Cloud Cover? NO!! They rarely mention any technical studies, including 
oscillators and bands. You constantly hear them talk about moving averages, 
prior highs and lows, and trend lines, all of which are examples of support and 
resistance. This tells you something very important about how truly successful 
technical traders make money…it’s not from candle stick patterns. 
You will often hear traders say that they are buying a stock in a bull trend since 
it is pulling back and is testing a prior low, a moving average, a breakout point, 
or the bottom of a channel. They will even buy it on the close of a big bear bar 
closing near its low, which a candle pattern trader would never do. When a 
stock is in a bear trend, they will short a rally to a prior high, a moving average, 
a breakout point, or the top of the channel. They won’t care what the candle 
looks like. They just know that it is at resistance, sold off here the last time, and 
should do so again. Professional traders are much more concerned about 
“buying low” at support (either to get long or to take profits on shorts) and 
“selling high” at resistance (to take profits on longs or to get short). 
When a bull is extremely strong, they will say that they bought today, which 
means that they see the market as being in a breakout phase. When that is the 
case, they feel compelled to enter right now and not wait for a pullback, 
because the pullback might not come for a long time and they do not want to 
miss the strongest part of a trend. This is how lots of professionals trade. 

56 
 
 
How to trade support and resistance…you have to know where to look for 
measured moves and how to draw channels. 
Lines are a type of support or resistance, depending on context, and both bulls 
and bears always look to initiate trades at every type of support and resistance. 
This is my general perspective. I will give a buy example. If a bull buys at 
support and the market rallies, he makes a profit. If instead the market sells 
off, he decides to exit or hold. Many of the bulls who hold will scale in as the 
market falls. What happens when the market finally rallies and gets near their 
original entry price? They will exit. They get out around breakeven on their first 
entry and with profits from their lower entries. 
However, now the bulls are selling instead of buying. The bears are always 
selling, so there is no one to buy. The market has to fall to find buyers. 
Remember, the bulls bought here earlier because it was support. Now they are 
selling here and it therefore has become resistance. 
If their original buy was at the bottom of a bear channel that they as a wedge 
bull flag, that trend channel line is sloped down. Now that the mkt has broken 

57 
 
below it, bulls and bears will see it as resistance and sell whenever the mkt 
rallies back to it. 
Gaps 
I use a very broad definition…a gap is any space between support and 
resistance. For example, if the current bar is a bull trend bar that closes above 
the high of the prior bar, there is a gap, and that bull trend bar can function 
exactly like any other traditional gap on a daily chart. 
Measuring and exhaustion gaps are present on every intraday chart, but I have 
never seen them discussed by anyone else. Since they are so reliable, the 
computers clearly are using them as for profit taking and reversal trades. When 
you look at a daily chart, gaps are often easy to see. If today’s low is above 
yesterday’s high, the space is called a gap. When a gap occurs early in a move, 
it is called a breakaway gap. When it occurs in the middle of a move and the 
move ends around a measured from the gap, it is called a measuring gap. When 
a gap occurs late in a move and then the market reverses, it is an exhaustion 
gap. 
Actual gaps like this occur on intraday charts, especially in thinly traded 
markets, but are extremely rare in major markets. However, there are other 
very important gaps that commonly form intraday, but are not so obvious. For 
me, a gap is a space between any support and resistance area. While an 
intraday gap is forming, if you are aware of it, you can be prepared. You can 
often place trades using stops that are only 2 or 3 ticks from your entry price. 
That immediately tells you that your probability is low and your reward is big 
compared to your risk, but the math works out and the computers often take 
these trades. An obvious example is if the market rallies to a resistance area, 
pulls back and then rallies one more time. There will always be computers 
placing orders to go short at one tick below the first high, risking to one or two 
ticks above, and betting for a double top and measured move down. Even if the 
probability is only 20% in a particular case (it often is 40% or more, depending 
on the context), if the reward is 10 times greater than the risk, the Trader’s 
Equation is strong. 

58 
 
 
A gap is a space between a support and resistance level. Each red rectangle is a 
gap between the close of a bar and the high of one or more prior bars. Each 
green rectangle is a gap between the low of a bar and the high of a prior bar, 
and these gaps often lead to measured moves (these bars are therefore 
potential measuring gaps). 
Many computers use tick charts where they examine every tick and they are 
constantly assessing the strength of pullbacks. For example, if there is a bull 
breakout and then a pullback, the computers will know if the pullback fell below 
the low of the breakout point, or if did not and there was therefore a gap. If the 
pullback held above support, the gap created is a sign of strength and often 
becomes the middle of a move. The computers will decide where the move 
began and then look for a measured move up where they will take profits or go 
short. Similarly, if a bar on the 60 minute chart is a measuring gap, the low of 
the bar after the gap bar is usually a clear swing low on the 5 minute chart, and 
the high of the bar before it is usually a clear swing high on the 5 minute chart. 
The space between is the gap and it often will end up as the middle of the move 
up. 
I pay particular attention to a particular type of gap when the market is in the 
earliest stages of a possible reversal. For example, look at the 5 minute Emini 
chart below. 

59 
 
 
Measuring gaps. The bar 3 high was at and not above the bar 2 low, and the 
gap (the bar before bar 3 is the gap) became a measuring gap. The breakouts 
above bars 6 and 8 also became measuring gaps. Notice how they accurately 
predicted turning points. This is because so many computers use them in their 
calculations. Computers need math, and gap and measured moves are sources 
for some of that math and they are routinely used in computer algorithms. 
Notice how the close of one bar is above the high of the prior bar and that the 
low of the next bar did not fall below that high. This is a sign of buying pressure 
and increases the chances that the market will continue higher, at least enough 
for a trade. It is also a potential measuring gap. Look what happens once the 
market rallies to the measured move target. The small pullback means that the 
computers took partial profits at the measured move target. These gaps are 
present on all time frames and are important signs of strength. 
In strong trends, I also look for gaps because if they begin to fill, then 
countertrend trades are often profitable. For example, look at how the first gap 
stayed open, but how the second one closed. Trends tend to weaken as they 
progress. Pullbacks become stronger and deeper as the market transitions from 
the trend channel phase into the trading range phase. Once pullbacks begin to 
retrace beyond break out points, trades will begin to fade new break outs and 
scale in for scalps. 

60 
 
Measured Moves 
The most commonly discussed measured moves are leg 1 = leg 2 moves and 
measured moves based on reversal patters, like double and bottom or head and 
shoulders patterns. While both are very important, there are many variations of 
them, and the more that you understand, the better you will trade. I mentioned 
that intraday gaps often lead to measured moves. As a potential gap is forming, 
traders often enter during the breakout, expecting the measured move to 
follow. Once at the measured move target, traders will take profits while other 
traders will fade the move, hoping for a reversal. If the trend is very strong 
when it reaches the target, there will be almost only profit taking and very little 
trading in the opposite direction. However, if there is a second entry, more 
traders will be willing to take the trade. For example, if the market races up to a 
measured move target or any other resistance, pulls back, and then tests the 
resistance again, bears will be more willing to short if this second rally looks 
weak or begins to turn down. This is a second signal and has a higher 
probability of success. Most tops come from some type of double top and most 
bottoms come from double bottoms, but most of these tops and bottoms are 
not even close to exact. If a trader understands what the market is doing, he 
will be able to see double tops and bottoms that most traders would consider 
too imperfect to trade. For example, a strong bull breakout might have a one 
bar pullback and then another big bull trend bar. If the following bar is a bear 
inside bar or reversal bar, this is a possible double top sell setup if the context 
is good. 
 

61 
 
Most patterns do are imperfect. The breakout from bar 4 to bar 5 was strong 
and therefore likely to lead to some type of measured move. Here, the second 
leg up was close to a perfect leg 1 = leg 2 measured move. Notice how the 
market decided that the trend up began at bar 4 and not the bar 3 low, where 
the market was still two-sided. Most patterns are not perfect, but they make 
sense to those who understand what the market is doing. Bar 1 and bar 3 
formed a double bottom, which also was not perfect; double tops and bottoms 
rarely are perfect. 
Late in a trend, after it has gone for 20 or more bars, if it suddenly has the 
strongest or two consecutive strong trend bars with very big gaps, this usually 
is an exhaustion gap that will be followed by a bigger pullback. As I guide, I 
look for about 10 bars and two legs. The market tries to retest the start of this 
final breakout. In a bull trend, this means that the minimum target for the 
pullback is a test of the low of the first bar of this final breakout, which will 
usually also be a test of the moving average. If I am long, I usually take profits. 
If I am already flat, I will often short the close for a scalp down and scale in 
higher, using a protective stop that is greater than the height of this final 
breakout. 
 
When the best looking one or two bar breakout occurs 20 or more bars into a 
trend, it more often is creating an exhaustion gap (a buy climax) rather than 
a measuring gap. Bar 4 was the second entry short (the first signal was two 
bars earlier) for a Final Flag top, which was also a Higher High Major Trend 

62 
 
Reversal. A strong reversal like this usually will have at least two legs down. Bar 
6 was a Lower High Major Trend Reversal and the signal bar for a second entry 
short, which increases the chance of success. 
Another common gap occurs late in a trend and I call it a Moving Average Gap 
Bar. For example, if there is a strong bear trend that now is having a rally, and 
one or more bars are now completely above the moving average, I call these 
gap bars (there is a gap between the low of the bar and the moving average). 
Traders will often short on a stop one tick below the low of the prior bar, looking 
for a test of the bear low. However, since the rally was strong, this sell off will 
usually be followed by a Major Trend Reversal (discussed in a later article), and 
a two legged move up. The reversal up will usually last at least one third as 
many bars as there were in the bear trend. 
 
Moving Average Gap Bar (MAGB). The market reversed up from bar 4, whose 
high was below the moving average. A MAGB often leads to the final leg of the 
trend before a Major Trend Reversal, which triggered below bar 7. The bar 3 
MAGB failed and was followed by one more push down. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Trading ranges. 

63 
 
Trading ranges 
May 10, 2014 By Al Brooks 
The market is in constant search of 
balance, which means a price where both the bulls and bears feel there is value 
in placing a trade…that they will make money. This means an area of confusion, 
because how else could both the bulls and bears feel that the price is good? It 
constantly probes up and down as it tries to determine the fair price area. Most 
of these rallies and selloffs fail and the market stays within the range. 
Occasionally one leads to a breakout, which means that both the bulls and 
bears are no longer confused…they agree that the price is too high in the case 
of a bear breakout, or too low in a bull breakout. The market then quickly 
moves to a new area of confusion, which is another trading range, where both 
the bulls and bears feel that the price is about right. 
Price action is a never ending market cycle of trends and trading ranges. Trends 
begin with a breakout. Once pullbacks begin, the trend converts from the trend 
breakout phase to the trend channel phase. This is followed by increasing two-
sided trading and the evolution into a trading range. The seeds of the next 
trend are planted in every trading range, and once you learn how to read 
buying and selling pressure, you are in a position to anticipate the next 
successful breakout. As soon as there is a breakout up or down, the process 
begins again. 
Once the market appears to be in a trading range, traders will BLSHS…Buy Low, 
Sell High, and Scalp. Buy Low can be to take profits on a short or to buy to go 
long. Sell High can be to take profits on a long or to initiate a short. A pullback 

64 
 
that grows beyond 20 bars loses most or all of the influence of the trend that 
came before it, and the probability of Trend Reversal becomes the same as that 
for Trend Resumption. Once there is a successful breakout in either direction, 
the process begins again. 
 
When the market is in a trading range, traders should only BLSHS…Buy Low, 
Sell High, and Scalp. They should avoid placing trades in the middle third (the 
gray area) of the range. 
Trading Ranges always look like they are about to break out. Strong legs up 
trap traders into buying high (remember, you should only Sell High!), since they 
will assume that the strong leg up will have a second leg up after any pullback. 
Strong legs down trick traders into looking for shorts at the bottom of the 
range, again because the move looks so strong that it makes them erroneously 
believe that there will be a successful breakout. Again, this is the opposite of 
what experienced traders will do. People are naturally hopeful and it takes time 
to get past the tendency to believe that a strong breakout attempt will succeed. 
These strong rallies are just buy vacuums that test the resistance at the top of 
the range, and the strong selloffs are cause by the support at the bottom of the 
range vacuuming the market down for a test. 

65 
 
 
The market gets vacuumed to the top and bottom of the range, but there is no 
follow-through. Beginning traders constantly get trapped into buying big bull 
trend bars at the top and shorting big bear trend bars at the bottom because 
being hopeful is part of our nature. Traders are hoping for the next trend, but 
markets have inertia and when a market is in a trading range, 80% of 
breakouts up and down will fail. 
Tight Trading Ranges 
A trading range is simply a horizontal channel, and like other channels, it can be 
broad or tight. When a trading range is broad, traders can enter with stops, 
selling at the top and buying at the bottom. They can also fade breakouts by 
placing sell limit orders above prior highs to go short and buy limit orders below 
prior lows to get long. The can also fade breakouts by simply shorting strong 
bull closes at the top of the range or buying strong bear closes near the bottom 
of the range, correctly expecting that these breakout attempts have an 80% 
chance of failing. When they sell at the top, they are doing so either to take 
profits on longs that they bought lower in the range or to initiate short 
positions. When they buy low, they are either taking profits on shorts that they 
sold higher in the range or to initiate long positions. 

66 
 
 
When a trading range is tight, most traders should not trade. Experienced, 
aggressive traders will scalp with limit orders, buying below bars in the bottom 
third of the range and scaling in lower, and shorting above bars in the top third 
of the range and scaling in higher. However, whenever the range is too tight, 
they shuld wait for a breakout up or down. An example of a tight trading range 
that is too tight is one where the height of the range is only twice the size of a 
scalp. 
 
Sometimes a trading range can be extremely tight, with many bars only 1 tick 
tall, yet still have a big breakout on huge volume. This was New Year’s Eve in 

67 
 
2009, and it is a reminder that the institutional computers are always there, 
even in the final minutes of the year, just before a major holiday. The 1 p.m. 
had 77,000 contracts! Just as it was a very profitable opportunity for them, it 
can be for us as well, if we are prepared to trade. 
The tight trading range was a breakout mode setup, which means that a 
breakout and swing trade was likely, but it could be in either direction. There 
could have been a trend reversal up. Here, there was a trend resumption down 
(the bear trend from before the tight trading range resumed with the bear 
breakout below the tight trading range. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Reversals. 
 
 

68 
 
Trend reversals 
May 10, 2014 By Al Brooks 
 
All of us are trading to make money. The greatest fear that a beginner has is 
losing money. Many erroneously try to prevent this by using the smallest stop 
possible, not aware that there are two other variables that are just as 
important. This makes him always want to buy the exact bottom or sell the 
exact top because he realizes that the stop is then close to his entry, just 
beyond the opposite side of the signal bar. He sees lots of great trend reversals 
in books and on websites and assumes that they are common. 
However, he wonders why he watches the market day after day and never sees 
anything as perfect as what he was hoping to find. The reality is that there has 
to be an institution taking the opposite side of his trade, and no institution is 
going to give him perfection because then the institution would be taking 
something perfectly bad…a low probability of winning where the risk is much 
bigger than the reward. That means that there has to be something wrong with 
every reversal (and with every trade!). 

69 
 
 
When there is a gap up and then a gap down, or a gap down and then a gap up, 
an island is created. If an island forms in a trading range, the breakout usually 
fails because most breakouts from trading ranges fail. When one forms in a 
trend, the reversal usually fails because most trend reversals fail. 
However, islands sometimes lead to big trends. Traders betting on the trend 
have a low probability trade with low risk and big reward. Other institutions take 
the other side, where they have a high probability of a profit, but a worse 
risk/reward profile. Both are acceptable. Other prefer to wait to see a strong 
breakout before entering because the probability is then higher. 
What could possibly be wrong? The beginner sees a perfect bull reversal bar, 
just like in the books, and the market is reversing up from a trend line or some 
other support. This should be perfect! However, he fails to pay attention to the 
context, which is all of the bars to the left. Trends, like Trading Ranges, have 
inertia and therefore strongly resist reversal attempts. In fact, 80% fail and just 
become pullbacks (bull flags in bull trends and bear flags in bear trends). This is 
true of all reversals, including head and shoulders patterns and double tops and 
bottoms. Most are simply flags and the trend will continue. Rarely, there will be 
a reversal, but you will lose money if you just mindlessly short every head and 
shoulders top because most are just triangles in bull trends and are followed by 
higher prices. If the context is right, a head and shoulders pattern might be 
worth trading. For example, if there is a bear trend and then a head and 
shoulders bottom, the rally up from the low might break above the bear trend 

70 
 
line, which forms the top of the bear channel. The right shoulder then is simply 
a pullback from that breakout and is therefore a breakout pullback buy. I prefer 
to not use the term head and shoulders and instead use either a breakout pull 
back or a Major Trend Reversal, because those terms more clearly describe 
what is happening. They imply that the context supports a reversal. Head and 
shoulders does not tell you anything about the context, and the overuse of the 
phrase has traders constantly looking for reversals when they should instead be 
expecting trend resumption. 
Incidentally, I mentioned earlier that trends are followed by trading ranges, 
which are then followed by trend resumption or trend reversal. Head and 
shoulders patterns usually do not have enough bars to make the odds favor 
reversal. The odds still favor resumption, and this means that most head and 
shoulders patterns are medium sized triangles (bull or bear flags) and not 
reversal patterns. Most trends do not abruptly reverse into opposite trends and 
have to first enter a trading range. This means that most reversals involve a 
trading range, which usually is a Final Flag or a Major Trend Reversal. Most 
climax reversals are usually variations of small Final Flag reversals. After the 
reversal, a Major Trend Reversal then usually forms. For example, after a buy 
climax reverses down, there is usually a test up to form a Lower High Major 
Trend Reversal, which usually lead to at least a leg 1 = leg 2 measured move 
down. 
 
Final Flag and Major Trend Reversals. 

71 
 
A horizontal trading range late in a trend often becomes the Final Flag in the 
trend, as it was here. Bears shorted below bar 3, looking for a swing down that 
would fall at least ten bars and two legs (that is my minimum target). After the 
market fell below the bull trend line and then tested the bull high (bar 5 tested 
bar 3), traders shorted below 5 (a Lower High Major Trend Reversal), hoping for 
a swing down. 
The rally to bar 7 lasted 9 bars and had several bars closing near their highs. It 
also broke the very steep bear trend line. This made traders look to buy a 
reversal up after a test down (a test of the bar 6 or bar 7 low). Bar 8 was the 
signal bar for a Higher Low Major Trend Reversal. All Major Trend Reversals are 
types of double tops and bottoms (double tops and bottoms much more often 
look like this than like the perfect ones that you see in books). 
If there is no significant buying pressure, the chances that a strong bull reversal 
bar will lead to a reversal are small. At best, a small pullback might form, but 
that is not enough of a reward to offset the low probability, and he continues to 
lose money. On the other hand, if there recently was a rally that went above 
the moving average and had several good size bull bodies with closes near their 
highs, and the sell off to the bull reversal lacked strong bear bars, then the odds 
of a profitable reversal where the reward would be at least twice the risk would 
be higher and probably at least 40%. This means that waiting for a strong 
context converts the trade into a mathematically sound one, even if the 
probability is only 40% (it might be higher, if the context was strong). 
This is a Major Trend Reversal, which is a type of double bottom. There is a 
bear trend and then a reasonably strong rally lasting about 10 bars. In this 
case, the signs of strength included several strong bull bars and a move above 
the moving average. The sell off to test the bear low was weak. It does not 
matter if the selloff is a perfect double bottom (most double tops and bottoms 
are not perfect), or of the bull reversal bar formed a higher low or a lower low. 
All are double bottoms. If the move down to test the low falls below the low by 
5 or more bars, the bulls probably need another strong leg up above the trend 
line and then another test of the new low. They need to look for a new Major 
Trend Reversal. Once the move up begins, it usually will go up for at least two 
legs and it usually will test the top of the bear channel. At that point, a large 
trading range usually develops, but the bulls will still have a reasonable chance 
of a swing up before that happens. 

72 
 
Another common reversal is a Final Flag. In any trend, after it reverses, you can 
look back at the last flag in the trend, which ended up as the Final Flag. As Final 
Flags are forming, they usually have characteristics that alert traders to watch 
for a failed breakout and then a reversal. For example, if there is a bull trend 
that has lasted a long time, say 40 or more bars, and now it forms a trading 
range with good two-sided trading (maybe a double bottom bull flag, which is a 
type of High 2 buy setup, or a triangle), the upside breakout might fail and this 
trading range might become the final flag of the bull trend. Traders will assess 
the selling pressure within the trading range. Were there many bear bars with 
good size bodies and closes near their lows? Is the market just below a 
resistance area? Was the bull breakout weak, and did it have two or three small 
pushes up (like a wedge top)? If so, traders will look to sell below a bear 
reversal bar, especially if it is strong, looking for a swing down (at least ten bars 
and two legs) to s support level. The first target is the Final Flag. If the bear 
breaks below, then traders will look for a measured move down to a trend line 
or an earlier higher low, maybe based on the height of the trading range or the 
size of the final bull leg. 
There are many forms of climactic reversals, but V bottoms and tops virtually 
never exist. They are all variants of some other pattern, like a small final flag. 
In general, most trend reversal last at least 10 bars and two legs on the time 
frame you are watching. If the trend lasted 80 or more bars, the reversal is 
probably also a higher time frame reversal (like a 15 minute reversal if you are 
looking at the 5 minute chart), and it will probably last at least 10 bars and two 
legs on that higher time frame. 
What happens if you miss the initial entry? Only good things! Once you see that 
the reversal down is strong (maybe it has four consecutive bear bars that all 
close near their lows), the Always In direction will have flipped to short and the 
probability will go up for the bears. Yes, the stop will be further away and there 
be fewer ticks remaining in the selloff, but the probability of a profitable trade 
might be 60% or higher, which makes it a great short. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Trading the open. 

73 
 
Day trading the open 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
The “open” may allow traders to make a 
lot of money from the first bar, which happens about once a week, or only after 
a couple of hours of going sideways. Most traders concentrate hard during the 
first couple of hours because it is the most likely time that a swing setup will 
form. If the open does not trend immediately, of it does not quickly test support 
or resistance in the first few bars and then reverse into a trend, it usually forms 
some type of double bottom or top that leads to a breakout of the developing 
trading range and then at least a measured move, based on the height of the 
range. For example, if it opens below the moving average, rallies to the moving 
average and falls back, and then rallies again to the moving average, traders 
will look to short this second test if it also turns down, betting that his double 
top might be the high of the day. The high or low of the day (or at least of the 
next 3 or 4 hours) occurs on the first bar of the day about 20% of the time, 
within the first 7 bars on the 5 minute chart about 50% of the time, and within 
the first 90 minutes about 90% of the time. Because of these high probabilities, 
traders look carefully at every reversal or breakout early on to see if they can 
place a swing trade (meaning that the reward is at least twice as big as the 
risk). 

74 
 
 
Trading the open. An Opening Reversal, like the pullback to support at bar 4 (a 
wedge bull flag down to the moving average after a gap up), or a Double 
Bottom, like bar 8 and bar 12 (you could also refer to bar 9 or bar 10 as the 
first bottom…some computers will use those instead) often lead to swing trades. 
 
The Emini had a trend from the open bull trend after a big gap down, and then 
a trend from the open bear trend after a big gap up. The bulls were able to 
close the gap down, which turned it into an exhaustion gap. 
The next article is Always in long or short. 
 

75 
 
Always In Long and Always In Short 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Some traders are constantly afraid of entering 
because they are waiting for the perfect trade. They are looking for a high 
probability of making a lot of money while risking very little. They want trades 
that look like the ones they see on all of those websites that make trading 
sound so easy…simply learn a dozen candle patterns and get rich! They have 
not yet come to accept that perfect trades cannot exist because there always 
has to be a reason for an institution to take the other side of his trade. The 
result is that all trades look uncertain and we all live and work in a constant 
gray fog. Once traders accept this reality, their trading lives become much more 
relaxed. Those traders who are still struggling with it should consider adopting 
an Always In approach to trading. If a trader looks at any chart and had to 
enter either long or short at that moment, his choice is the Always In direction. 
The choice is not always clear, but he can almost always pick one. Sometimes a 
trend is so strong that the choice is obvious and other times it is much less 
certain. When in doubt, traders should assume that the choice is the direction of 
the most recent three or four bar breakout. If a trader believes that the market 
is Always In Long, he can buy for a swing at the market or on a pullback, and 
place his stop below the low of the most recent bull breakout. This is the most 
recent strong leg up, which is the most recent bull trend resumption, and 
usually is from one to five bars in duration. Once a trader is long, he can then 
add to his position as the bull continues, trailing his stop to below the low of the 
most recent bull breakout. He can also take partial or full profits at resistance 
levels or at new highs and then put his full position back on during a pullback. 
Similarly, if a trader believes that the market is Always In Short, he can short at 

76 
 
the market or on a pullback, and place his stop above the high of the most 
recent leg down (the most recent bear breakout or trend resumption). 
 
Reversal to Always In Long. Double tops late in trends, like the one at bar 3 and 
bar 5 (double tops and bottoms are rarely perfect and most look similar to this), 
often become the Final Flag. After the market had 5 consecutive bull bars up to 
bar 7, traders thought that there would likely be at least a second leg up and 
concluded that the market was now Always In Long. Many would buy with either 
a limit order below bar 7 or a stop order above bar 8, using a protective stop 
below the bar 6 bottom of the bull breakout. 
You often hear traders on TV talk about buy, sell, or hold. This does not make 
sense because the two choices are really just buy or sell. For example, if your 
friend has a $100, 000 portfolio filled with stocks that his adviser says are 
“holds” and you have $100,000 in cash, you could simply buy his identical 
collection of stocks, even though they are rated hold and not buy. You would 
then have his identical portfolio, which his adviser considers worth holding. 
Traders should look at their portfolio at every instant as being made up of either 
buys or sells. If you have a profit on a stock, it is not someone else’s money. It 
is in your account so it is your money, and holding it is no different from 
someone else simply buying it this instant, if he uses the same profit target and 
protective stop as you. This is the basis of Always In trading. 

77 
 
If you look at a market and wished that you had bought earlier and now are 
waiting for a pullback, then you should buy at the market. If you believe that it 
is good enough to be holding the stock at this moment, using a certain stop and 
target, you should just go ahead and buy it now. If you think that it is better to 
look to buy a pullback, then, if instead you were long, you should sell out and 
wait to buy again lower. Traders should constantly look at their account every 
second as being totally available to enter any position or exit any position at 
any time, and no decision should be based upon when and at what price you or 
someone else entered. This ignores tax considerations, which should be part of 
the decision, but are irrelevant to traders because of their small time frame. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Beginners should enter using stop orders. 
 
 

78 
 
Stop orders 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Beginners should only enter with stop 
orders. He often waits for many bars before he finally finds a trade that he is 
confident will make him money. He very often then watches the market reverse 
quickly and stop him out, and it occurs to him that he would have made a profit 
had he done the exact opposite of his trade. 
Over time, he comes to accept that it is important to respect the institution 
taking the other side of every trade because 40-60% of the time, that 
institution will win and he will lose. That is the nature of trading. During strong 
breakouts, the probability of continuation can be 70% or higher, but the stop is 
then far away. Remember, there always has to be a reason for an institution to 
take the other side. If you have high probability, then it has a big reward 
relative to risk. Other than during strong breakouts, the probability that the 
market will move 10 ticks (or any number) up before going down 10 ticks is 
between 40 and 60% (“the 40 – 60 rule”), and if he always goes for a reward 
that is at least twice as big as his risk, he will have a positive Trader’s Equation. 
This means that he will make money over time if he manages his trades 
correctly. 
In general, traders should look at any market as either a stop entry type of 
market or a limit order type of market. Also, traders should assume that every 
limit order is the opposite side of a stop order. If you buy on a stop at one tick 
above the high of the prior bar, you should assume that the institution taking 
the other side entered with a limit order. If you shorted with a limit order at the 

79 
 
high of the prior bar, you should assume that the institution that bought the 
other side of your trade entered with a stop order. Obviously, you never know 
who took the other side of your trade or how or why they did, but it does not 
matter. As a trader, you should look at every breakout, even a breakout above 
or below the prior bar, as likely to succeed or fail. 
 
The entry bar is the bar when you enter a trade and the signal bar is the bar 
before, which gives you a reason to enter. An ioi pattern and an ii pattern are 
also signals. Depending on their location, they can sometimes be breakout 
mode setups, which means that traders will be willing to buy a breakout above 
or sell a breakout below the patterns. 

80 
 
 
Beginners should stick to entering with stop orders because the market is then 
going their way for at least one tick. However, more experienced traders 
recognize that there are times (like the area in red where the market is in a 
tight trading range and weak bear channel) when limit orders are more 
profitable. They will then switch and buy below bars in the bottom half of a 
range or channel and scale in lower for scalps, and they will also sell with limit 
orders above bars in the top half of the range or channel and scale in higher for 
scalps. 
Once you have an opinion, if you can structure a trade that makes sense, then 
you can take the trade. For example, if there is a small bull flag at the top of a 
trading range, you know that most breakouts fail, and therefore the probability 
is that the sellers will overpower the buyers at the high of the prior bar. This 
means that you can consider shorting with a limit order at the high of the prior 
bar. A bull might be willing to buy with a stop order above that bar, taking the 
opposite side of your trade. However, he knows that the probability of his trade 
is small. He is willing to take it because he also knows that if the breakout 
succeeds, the rally might go for at least a measured move up, based on the 
height of the trading range. The result is that he took a low probability trade 
(one where he knew that he would probably lose), but since the reward was so 
much greater than the risk, he knew that the math was still good for him. 

81 
 
 
Beginning traders should enter with stop orders, for example, buying one tick 
above the high of the signal bar on a stop. 
Although the math is good for either side of the trade, high probability trades 
are easier to manage. This is because low probability trades often look bad for 
many bars after entry, and the trader is constantly tempted to exit. If he exits 
too many before they reach their targets, he will not get those infrequent big 
wins that are needed to offset his frequent small losses, and he will lose money. 
The high probability side is easier to manage because, by definition, you will 
probably make money on every trade. This means that you can mess up 
occasional trades and still end up profitable over time. This obviously sounds 
great, but it is not easy. Remember, there has to be something in it for the 
other side. If you get high probability, he gets big reward relative to risk. This 
means that you get small reward relative to your risk. In the EURUSD, if you 
are buying a strong breakout on the 5 minute chart and you enter on the fourth 
bar of the breakout, your stop is below the low of this four bar rally, which 
might be 50 pips (ticks) away. 
Also, since you are entering late, the profit that remains in the trade is less, and 
your reward might be only as big as your risk, instead of two or more times 
greater than your risk. Some traders prefer high probability trades, and that is 
mostly due to their personalities. Since they are going for high probability, the 
reward is small, and they are therefore scalpers. The best scalpers can win on 
90% of their trades. However, most successful traders cannot trade this 

82 
 
intensely long term and prefer to take trades where the reward is at least twice 
as big as the risk. This means that they win about 40% of the time. Their initial 
stops might get hit about 40% of the time, and the rest of the trades are small 
losers and winners that mostly offset each other. Since the reward is at least 
twice the risk, they have a solid mathematical approach to trading. This is the 
type of approach that most traders should use. In general most of their entries 
should be with stops, buying at one tick above the high of the prior bar and 
putting a protective stop one tick below the bar, or shorting at one tick below 
the low of the prior bar and putting the protective stop one tick above that bar. 
I always want to see how the market responds when it reaches support and 
resistance areas, and I devote a lot of time in the course explaining how to spot 
the areas that the institutional computers will calculate as potential support and 
resistance. In the example below, I highlighted several by drawing lines on the 
chart.. Traders will take partial or full profits around support and resistance 
orders and it is therefore important to know where they are. 
 
Beginners should look for stop entries. 
I think that one of the most important skills to develop is the ability to assess 
the strength of buying and selling pressure. The highest probability trades 
usually occur during breakouts, and if you can learn how to determine the 
strength of a breakout and the likelihood of the trend continuing, you are giving 
yourself a strong edge. For example, below is the same chart, but with green 

83 
 
circles highlighting reasonable long entries on the close of bars and red circles 
highlight closes that are reasonable shorts as soon as the bar closes. 
 
This is the same chart and it shows how more experienced traders can also 
enter with market and limit orders. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is The perfect setup when trading online? 
 
 

84 
 
Perfect trade setups 
April 24, 2014 By Al Brooks 
When traders start out learning how to trade online, 
they have a sense that it must be hard to make money because they know they 
are competing against the smartest people in the world. However, they hope 
that there is a shortcut, some easy, perfect trade setup that might be too small 
for Goldman Sachs or a hedge fund to bother trading, and they could use it to 
make a living. 
I occasionally get an email from a disheartened trader asking me what my best 
setup is. When I respond that there is no best setup, I sometimes get an angry 
response accusing me of selfishly keeping the best setups for myself out of fear 
that I might kill the goose that is laying golden eggs for me. Nothing can be 
further from the truth, as anyone who is familiar with my trading will tell you. I 
do not hide anything because what separates profitable traders from those who 
are not yet profitable is not a collection of secret, perfect setups. Instead, it is 
simply that profitable traders have enough experience so that they can trade 
correctly, using the same setups that everyone sees all day long. 
They are simply better at deciding which side of the trade to take and how to 
manage their trades. What frustrated traders do not yet understand is that 
perfect trades cannot exist because an institution has to take the other side. 
Remember, markets are created by institutions that need to be able to buy and 
sell things, and no trade can take place unless there is a way for the buying 
institution and the selling institution both to make money (usually by scaling 

85 
 
into trades or hedging in other markets). No trade can ever take place unless 
there is an institution willing to take the other side. We individual traders are 
just too small to be of any significance, and we can never get filled on any trade 
unless there is one or more institutions entering at exactly the same price and 
trading in our direction (and other institutions taking the opposite side, trading 
in the opposite direction). If you want to take a trade that has a high probability 
of a big profit with very little risk…guess what? No institution will take the 
opposite side and accept a trade with a high probability of a big loss and while 
going after a small profit. 
Let’s get real. It is a market and there are smart people on both sides and the 
current price is what both sides feel is fair. It doesn’t matter if you see some 
convincing guy on television saying it is cheap. There is an equally smart guy 
whom you do not see who believes the opposite. Because of this, the edge that 
even the best traders have is always going to be small and trading profitably is 
always going to be difficult. It is unfortunate that so many sites make it sound 
so easy…all you have to do is spend a week or two memorizing some 
candlestick patterns and you will be rich! 
In your heart, you know that this cannot be true, but you hope that it is 
because you feel entitled to at least a small part of the pie; you want a sign that 
you are lovable and not insignificant, and that the big boys and girls are going 
to include you in their game. Is it too much to ask for just a little profit, 
especially if you are willing to work hard and follow some trading rules that a 
trading expert said would earn you $1,000 a day? Won’t Wall Street have some 
sympathy for a beginner and share some crumbs? They might be crumbs to 
Goldman Sachs, but they are big enough to give you a nice lifestyle. You are 
being reasonable and are willing to promise to not take too much. You are a 
good person and are appropriately deferential. Doesn’t Wall Street care, and 
aren’t the firms willing to go easy on you so that you can make a living, even a 
meager one? 
Well, guess what? You are entitled to nothing, and that is just the way you want 
it to be. To be able to fully trust the market, you need the game to be 
completely fair with no one receiving special favors. You want the market to be 
100% efficient and honest so that you can rely on it to give you consistent 
profits once you become a good trader. And you don’t want to worry constantly 
that your earning potential might some day be taken from you by a group of 

86 
 
powerful insiders who somehow rig the market to help their friends at everyone 
else’s expense. That is why it is good to be entitled to nothing…it is true for all 
of us and that’s what keeps the market reliable. 
The “eat what you kill” foundation of the market is part of the appeal of online 
trading, especially day trading. Humans are naturally competitive, and winning 
in a difficult game is extremely satisfying…it makes you happy. Beating a 6 year 
old at golf is not any fun, but beating Tiger Woods feels great! Every dollar that 
you make comes from someone else, and you have no right to his money unless 
you trade better than he does. You have to earn it through excellent work; 
working “hard” to learn some patterns is not enough to convince a smart 
institutional trader that you deserve some of his money. 
As humans, we are hopeful and trusting. However, I think that it is an abuse of 
trust to make trading sound easy. Trading profitably is very difficult and takes 
lots of hard work, and persistently good trading. You don’t have to be great, but 
you do have to be consistently good, which is much more difficult than it 
sounds. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is the My setup for 5 minute charts and daily charts. 
 
 

87 
 
My setup for day trading 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
 
My setup for day trading the 5 min Emini has 20 bar exponential moving 
average. In addition to the 5 minute 20 bar EMA, I also have both the 15 and 
60 minute 20 bar EMAs written in a way that allows me to plot them on the 5 
minute chart (I have the Trade Station EasyLanguage code below). 
Although it might be hard to believe, I only use a single 13″ laptop that has 
TradeStation for charting and software from another broker for my price action 
trading setup. A trader does not need any more than this to make money. Just 
print out a 5 minute chart of any market at the end of the day and you will see 
many trades. With experience, you might see potential trades on almost every 
bar on the chart! During 99% of the day, I am looking at a single 5 minute 
chart, which is usually the Emini, but I also sometimes trade Forex markets, 
bond futures, crude oil, natural gas, stocks, and options. I sometimes look at 60 
minute, daily, weekly, and monthly charts. I have a second laptop that I use for 
my BrooksPriceAction.com Trading Room and it additionally has thumbnail 
windows of the 15 and 60 minute Emini charts, which I use for teaching 
purposes in the chat room. 
It does not matter what type of chart a trader uses. Some prefer charts based 
on time and others prefer charts based on ticks, volume, or other factors, but it 

88 
 
does not matter because they all show the same thing. What type of chart is a 5 
minute chart? It is usually incorrectly called a price chart. All two dimensional 
charts have at least two dimensions. The dimensions are variables and both 
contribute to a trend. Although a trend cannot be present without price 
movement up or down, in some trends, time can be more important than price, 
especially early on. For example, it is common to see a bear flag continue to 
pull back higher and higher, and then suddenly break out to the upside. The bull 
began at the bear low, but the first 5 to 10 bars of the bull were weak and were 
more likely part of a bear flag. 
I use a 20 bar exponential moving average on my intraday charts. On my 5 
minute charts, I also plot the 20 bar exponential moving averages from the 15 
minute and 60 minute charts as well because the market often treats them as 
support and resistance (I think that the 60 minute is much more important). 
With High Frequency Trading firms getting so much press because some are 
incredibly profitable, there is a tendency among traders to move toward smaller 
and smaller time frame charts. I have noticed that there are several people 
promoting these charts as a way for traders to make money. I strongly believe 
that most traders will only lose and never win long-term if they use very small 
timeframes. I address the reasons in the course, but the most fundamental one 
is that these charts do not give traders enough time to think clearly and they 
end up making too many mistakes. A 5 minute chart is a good place to start, 
and I recommend avoiding any chart where there are more than 20 bars per 
hour. 
Day session or 24 hour charts? 
It is simply a personal preference. I have traded online years ago with many 
successful traders who used 24 hour charts. They liked to take some trades 
before the day session opened, and they liked the feeling of being a part of the 
world’s 24 hour market. It works and they are happy with their choice. 
I enjoy imagining myself as somehow tied to the stock market, which is the 
world’s financial epicenter, and the day session obviously mirrors it exactly. 
Also, I rely heavily on trend lines, and I believe that trend lines in the day 
session are more accurate because there is so much dead time overnight. I 
don’t want to weight those hours equally with the day session hours because 

89 
 
there is far less participation. I think they are less important. If I were trading a 
tick chart, it would not matter because those light volume hours would be 
compressed. However, on a 5 minute chart, 1 hour at 2 am occupies as much of 
the screen as an hour during the day, yet it is far less significant. Finally, I am a 
minimalist and do not want to watch more than one chart. I already see about 
50 trades a day on the day session 5 minute chart and I do not need to see any 
more. 
EasyLanguage for indicators 
I wrote indicators in Trade Station’s EasyLanguage that very accurately plot the 
15 and 60 minute EMAs on the 5 minute chart. Note: you will have to type the 
code into TradeStation because the formulas below have hidden formatting 
codes that prevent them from working within TradeStation if you simply copy 
and paste them. 
15 minute ema plotted on a 5 minute chart 
Inputs: length(20); 
If CurrentBar = 60 then Value1 = xaverage(C, 60); 
If CurrentBar > 60 then begin 
If Fracportion(time/15) = 0 then begin 
value1 = value1[1] + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] ); 
Value2 = value1; 
Plot1(value1, “15 min 20EMA”); 
end 
else begin 
Value2 = value1 + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] ); 
Plot1(value2, “15 min 20EMA”); 
end;end; 
  
60 minute ema plotted on a 5 minute chart 
Inputs: length(20); 
If CurrentBar = 240 then Value1 = xaverage(C, 240); 
If CurrentBar > 240 then begin 
If Fracportion((time – 30)/100) = 0 or time =1315 then begin 

90 
 
value1 = value1[1] + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] ); 
Value2 = value1; 
Plot1(value1, “60 min 20EMA”); 
end 
else begin 
Value2 = value1 + (2 / ( Length + 1 )) * ( C – value1[1] ); 
Plot1(value2, “60 min 20EMA”); 
end;end; 
My Setup for Daily, Weekly, and Monthly charts 
 
I sometimes have 50, 100, 150, and 200 bar simple moving averages on my 
daily, weekly, and monthly charts, but rarely pay any attention to them when 
deciding to place trades. Like all moving averages, they are often areas of 
support and resistance, but I find other types of support and resistance to be 
more reliable. I formatted them in the above image to be much thicker so that 
you can more easily see them, but when I have them on my charts, they are 
very faint because I don’t want to be distracted by something that I rarely use. 
Trade all markets and time frames the same 

91 
 
 
How to trade different time frames in Forex foreign exchange…trade them the 
same way! 
One of the basic tenets of price action is that markets are fractal…if you remove 
the axes, you cannot tell if the chart is a 5 minute, 60 minute, daily, weekly, or 
any other type of chart. The charts simply represent human behavior, which is 
genetically based and reflected on every chart, regardless of time frame. Price 
action traders see all charts as the same and use the same techniques on all of 
them, and you will, too, after you learn how to trade. 
Are there just a couple of entries a day? 
I often read posts about how to trade and the authors make it sound like you 
can only take trades on a small percentage of the bars. Well, the institutions are 
trading heavily on every bar, and if you want to make money, you have to copy 
what they are doing. You will soon learn that there is usually a way to make a 
profitable long trade and a profitable short trade at every moment, and that is 
why there are institutions buying while others are selling all day long. Many are 
trading for tiny profits and others are hedging and scaling in and out. All of this 
is beyond what most individual traders should be doing, but there are far more 
logical entries every day that what candle pattern sites would have you believe. 

92 
 
 
You do not need to take every trade, but each green arrow is a reasonable buy 
entry and each red arrow is a good short. 
Should you enter or exit on every bar as you day trade futures, foreign 
exchange, or the stock market online? Obviously not, but be aware that there 
are trading opportunities at every second of the day, not just when a certain 
pattern is present. If you understand the market cycle, what the market is 
doing at the moment, and how to structure and manage trades, you are in a 
position to make a profitable trade at any time of the day. 
I discuss techniques for entering at all phases of the market cycle. Most traders 
feel comfortable with a particular approach and will not take trades during most 
market conditions. We all have our own personality traits and each is better 
suited for different environments. Part of our journey is to learn our comfort 
zone and try to stay there when trading. 
The course discusses entry and exit techniques, as well as money management, 
for all parts of the market cycle, and I designed it to help you learn how to 
trade. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is What size account do I need to trade? 

93 
 
Trading account size 
April 24, 2014 By Al Brooks 
A Forex trader, especially a day trader, probably can 
begin with a trading account size as small as $1,000. I have seen ads 
suggesting that an Emini trader can make money by day trading only a $500 
account. I think that is a mistake. A beginning trader will probably lose for at 
least a year or two, although he will likely have many streaks where he wins 
several days in a row. The reality is that most traders never become 
consistently profitable. Common reasons are insufficient funds and the inability 
to trade long enough to develop the skills needed to make money. 
Many traders who stay with it long enough to become consistently profitable 
look at the loss as tuition in the school of hard knocks. They know that they are 
competing against professionals with degrees that prepared them to trade the 
markets, and they are trying to collect enough experience to make them 
competitive. It can be done, but it usually takes a long time to become very 
good. 
If a person is starting out with the Emini as he learns how to trade, he will 
probably need at least $10-25,000. Even if he beings with $100,000 and wants 
to trade the Emini, I think that he should only trade one contract until he is 
consistently profitable. If he can only afford to lose $5,000 and he wants to day 
trade, he should look at other markets, like a high volume stock or ETF under 
$20 that has regular 20 cent swings; in January, 2013, possible candidates 
included BAC, FAZ, and XIV. 
Another reasonable alternative is to trade weekly SPY options, as I discuss in 
the course. If a trader were to buy one ATM or slightly OTM put or call, the cost 

94 
 
is usually under a dollar and often under 50 cents. Even if he lost, the loss 
would probably be less than 20 cents ($20, since each option is for 100 shares) 
if he managed his trade reasonably well. This can keep the losses smaller while 
the trader learns how to trade. So, how can he get rich if he is looking for $10 – 
$20 profit per trade? He can’t, but that is not the goal. He is trying to hone his 
skills by trading real dollars in real markets until he is consistently profitable. He 
then can increase his volume and add other markets. At that point, his goal 
changes from learning to trade to earning a living. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Trading position size. 
 
 

95 
 
Trading position size 
April 24, 2014 By Al Brooks 
A beginner is quick to do the math…“If I” make $100 
a day with one contract, I will make $2 million a year with 100 contracts!” He is 
too quick to think about trading big positions, and even when he starts out, 
trading what he thinks is a small position, he is usually trading too big. How can 
a beginner tell if his position size is too big? That’s easy. He just has to ask 
himself, “Did I manage all of my trades today as I should have, or did I have 
several trades where I exited too early because I was feeling nervous over how 
much I would lose if my stop got hit?” If he did not manage correctly, then he 
cared. He is trying to compete with computers who have no feelings and 
certainly do not care about anything. 
My recommendation is that traders should trade their “I don’t care” size. 
Whatever a trader thinks it is, he should then trade 50 – 75% smaller so he 
really won’t care if the trade goes against him. Over time, he can handle larger 
positions while still not caring. If he increases too quickly, he can back off and 
try to increase again later. When I tell traders this, some get angry and quickly 
ask me how they can ever get rich trading so small. The answer is simple. 
Successful traders don’t constantly think about getting rich, although many end 
up that way. 
Instead, they only think about doing the right thing all day long. That is the first 
goal. They know that if they do, they will make money, which is the second 
goal. Sometimes, they will make a lot of money, which is the third goal, but 
they never worry or think about that. Remember, most successful traders are 
not making $100 million dollars a year. However, many make far more than the 
richest doctors and lawyers, and that is plenty to have a great life. 

96 
 
There is one other point about position size. It should always be dictated by the 
number of ticks to your protective stop. If you normally trade $100,000 in a 
Forex trade and risk 20 pips, but you want to buy a strong breakout and the 
bottom of the breakout is 40 pips below the current price, you should trade half 
only a $50,000 position. Also, if you bought $50,000, and the breakout 
continued up for 40 more pips without a pullback, your stop is now 80 pips 
below the current price. 
Remember, your entry price is irrelevant. All that matters is where your stop is. 
If you are now risking 80 pips and you normally risk only 20, you need to take 
profits so that you can reduce your position to 25% of your usual size. In this 
case, you would take profits on half of your position, leaving yourself with only 
a $25,000 position. If there is a pullback followed by a buy signal, and the stop 
for the new position is only 20 pips below, you can now have a $100,000 
position, which means you can buy $75,000 more, and put the stop for the 
entire position at 1 pip below the new signal bar, 20 pips below this latest entry 
price. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Learn to manage your trades. 
 
 

97 
 
Trade management 
May 17, 2014 By Al Brooks 
How is it that Goldman Sachs can buy and Morgan 
Stanley can sell and both make money? It is because they know how to manage 
their trades…they have learned how to trade! They use complex strategies that 
involve hedging and scaling into and out of trades, but the message here is 
clear. Trade management is very important. You have to know how to place and 
adjust protective stops and profit targets, how to scale out of a profitable trade, 
and how to manage a losing trade. More experienced traders will also scale into 
trades, whether the trade is going their way or against them. This is all much 
more important that the ability to recognize a simple candle pattern and I 
discuss this in the course. 
Swing trading or scalping? 
When a trader takes a trade, he has to know what his objectives are. When day 
trading, he needs to decide if his trade will be a scalp or a swing. Most 
beginners are drawn to scalping because of the idea that the stop is close and 
therefore the risk is less. However, what they overlook is that they have to be 
right 70% or more of the time to be consistently profitable, and they have to 
maintain that for years. Very few traders can ever achieve that, and the result 
is that most scalpers bleed to death from a thousand paper cuts (lots of small 
losses). 

98 
 
Most traders, especially beginners, should only swing trade, which I define as 
going for a target that is at least twice as large as the potential loss. Remember 
the Trader’s Equation and the “40-60 rule”. Since the probability of 90% of 
trades is between 40 and 60%, a trader who goes for a reward that is at least 
twice as big as his risk is trading a mathematically sound approach. A good 
start is to look for Major Trend Reversals. For example, if a trader is trading the 
Emini and using a 2 point stop and a 4 point profit target, he will probably make 
4 or more points on 40% of his trades and lose 2 points on another 40% of his 
trades. The remaining 20% of trades will usually be small losses and wins that 
offset each other. The result is a net profit and therefore a positive Trader’s 
Equation. 
A trader often loses money because he takes a trade with one goal and 
manages it as if he entered with a different goal. For day traders, this usually 
happens because the trader entered, thinking he was going to hold for a swing, 
but instead managed the trade like a scalp. For example, if he shorted the 
EURUSD Forex market at what he thought was a strong top and was planning 
on holding for a 100 pip (tick) profit while using a 20 pip protective stop but 
instead always exited this type of trade whenever he had a 10 pip profit, he will 
lose money over time. He might consistently convince himself that the price 
action unfolded differently from what he expected, and this change in his 
premise justified changing the trade from a swing to a scalp. 
However, if he discovers that he is doing this with just about every trade, he 
will lose money. This is because a swing trade usually has a low probability of 
success, but the expected reward is many times greater than the risk and that 
creates a positive Trader’s Equation. If he instead always accepts a profit that is 
not many times bigger than his risk, he will lose money over time with low 
probability trades, which most swing trades are. 
If a trader always changes his mind and grabs a scalper’s profit, he is actually 
scalping, even though he thought that he was swinging. Plug some numbers 
into the Trader’s Equation. A typical swing setup has about a 40% chance of 
success. If the trader is risking 10 pips to make 10 pips, he will lose money. To 
make money on a scalp, a trader needs a high probability of success (60% or 
more) because his reward is usually about the size of his risk. At any instant in 
any market, a trader can trade profitably by buying or shorting for a swing 
because the probability of success for a profitable long or short is rarely ever 

99 
 
less than 40%. This means that if he manages his trade correctly and holds for 
a reward that is at least twice as large as his risk, he will make money over 
time. Traders should only scalp if the probability is 60% or higher. 
Most traders cannot consistently maintain this high a probability and therefore 
should swing all of their trades (my definition of a swing is any trade where 
your intended reward is at least twice as big as your risk). It is important to 
note that some experienced scalpers win more than 90% of the time, but this is 
rare, and usually involves scaling into and out of positions. Many experienced 
traders scale into trades to greatly increase the probability of their position. 
However, beginners should be very careful about this because they almost 
always scale into the wrong trades. A common example is scaling into what 
they believe is a pullback when they do not realize that it is actually a reversal. 
They can quickly lose far more money than they imagined was possible, but 
that makes sense…if you are trying to get more probability, you have to pay for 
it with some combination of increased risk or reduced reward. 
When discussing daily and weekly charts, traders usually refer to themselves as 
traders or investors, rather than swing traders or scalpers, but the idea is the 
same. An investor often takes low probability trades, which means that he 
might lose 60% or more of the time. However, if his average reward is several 
times greater than his risk, he will be profitable over time. A trader plans to 
hold his trade for only a day to a week, and his is going for a small reward 
relative to his risk. He can only do that if his probability is 60% or higher. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Scaling into trades. 
 
 

100 
 
Scaling into trades 
May 10, 2014 By Al Brooks 
You have heard of dollar cost averaging, which is a 
widely accepted approach to investing. Guess what? It is a form of scaling into 
trades! Scaling in simply means adding to your position. Traders can add to a 
winning position or to a losing position, and they can do so either when they are 
trading with the trend (scaling into trends) or against the trend (scaling into 
reversals). Why would anyone ever scale into a trade? Because it increases the 
chance of making money. 
However, because of the Trader’s Equation, traders know that there is always a 
trade-off among the three variables. If you are doing something to increase 
your probability of making a profit, you have to pay for it with either a bigger 
risk or a smaller reward. Most traders should not consider scaling into trades 
until they are consistently profitable, and once consistently profitable, there is 
no necessity to start scaling into trades. However, it is an option, especially for 
traders who prefer high probability trades and are willing to give up some of 
their reward-risk ratio to achieve it. 

101 
 
 
Scaling in increases probability. 
If a trader bought the close of bar 1, thinking that there would be a second leg 
up, even if there was a pullback, his protective stop would be below the bottom 
of the breakout (the low of two bars earlier). He could increase the chances of a 
profitable trade by scaling in below. If he likes to scalp for 20 pips, he should 
scale in at least 20 pips lower. Depending on the price action that followed, he 
could exit the entire position at bar 4 at his original entry, getting out 
breakeven on his first entry and with 20 pips on his second, or he could swing 
part or all, relying on his stop. 
 

102 
 
Scaling into a trend reversal. 
There was a strong rally to bar 3 that broke above the bear trend line and the 
moving average, making traders ready to buy a major trend reversal bottom on 
a selloff that tested the bear low. There were also several moving average gap 
bars there, which often lead to the final leg of a trend before a major trend 
reversal. Bar 7 had a bull body, but it was small. However, the context was 
good. It was a lower low major trend reversal, it followed the gap bars at 3 so 
there was strong buying pressure, and there was a potential final flag (the tight 
trading range at 6). It was acceptable to buy one tick above 7 on a stop. If 
traders exited below bar 7, they would have bought again above the ever strong 
bar 8 signal bar for a swing up. The market rallied 5 points, which is a swing. 
Most major trend reversals lead to swings and then trading ranges, and not to 
actual reversals into opposite trends. 
Experienced traders who are comfortable scaling in would have added to their 
position at the bar 7 low with a limit order, using a wide stop. Many traders feel 
that they are not very good at picking the exact turning point, but trust their 
ability to determine the approximate area of the turn. They then use wide stops 
(for example, based on a measured move down or on a fixed number of points) 
and trade small enough so that they can buy more lower (below bar 7 or below 
any of the bars in the bar 9 tight trading range) or higher (above bar 8). 
There was not much buying pressure at 5 and the signal bar was weak, even 
though it followed a small low 2, which was a possible final flag.. This made 
traders less confident and if they bought this higher low major trend reversal, 
they probably would have exited below the bar 6 low 2 signal bar at the moving 
average. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual. 
The next article is Trading options (puts and calls). 
 
 

103 
 
Trading options (puts and calls) 
May 10, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Long a ago, a friend told me that she lost $500,000 in 
her account overnight on a huge gap down on the next day. That day, she 
decided to switch to trading options (puts and calls). Most of the time when I 
hold any position overnight, I do so in the options market. Also, I usually only 
use simple strategies, like buying puts and put spreads when I am bearish, and 
buying calls and call spreads when I am bullish. I think that a good options 
trader really does not need more complex strategies to make money, and a 
beginner should avoid them. This is all that you need, especially if options 
trading is not your full time business. 
Too many pundits make options sound much more complicated than they are. 
All a great trader needs are simple strategies and an understanding of price 
action. Complex strategies and the Greeks are not necessary to trade options 
well, and both can be a distraction from the most important reason for taking 
any trade…what is happening on the chart. I make all of my trades entirely 
based on price action, totally ignoring the fundamentals and the news, because 
they are already incorporated in the stock price. I strongly believe that price 
action should be the basis for all trading, even in the options market. 
Whenever I hear traders on television talk about options trades, they always 
discuss the price action. However, I cringe if they then talk about the 
fundamentals, because they would never take the trade unless the price action 

104 
 
was good. If the price action was strong, they would take the trade regardless 
of the fundamentals, but they always come up with some absurd fundamental 
analysis to support what they were going to do anyway. I strongly believe that 
the fundamental analysis that options traders discuss on television is ignorant 
and irrelevant, and that they are really trading on price action alone, even 
though they don’t realize it. I believe that they give a fundamental basis for 
their trading because that is the tradition among options traders and because 
they believe that it makes them sound more credible…it is good T.V.! This 
increases the chances that they will be invited back, which increases the 
chances that they will get more customers in whatever options related business 
they conduct. 
 
When YHOO is in a strong bull trend on the daily chart, buy calls or call spreads 
on pullbacks. 
I also day trade options, usually when markets are moving far and fast. For 
example, if the Emini is down 20 points, but I think it is forming a consecutive 
sell climax and is likely to rally, I will buy weekly calls in the SPY. On big down 
days like that, I have learned over the years that bad things can happen, like 
brokers having trouble executing trades. Trading options is a good way for me 
to minimize risk, while still allowing me the opportunity to profit on the 
expected rally. 
The next article is Market psychology and the importance of happiness. 

105 
 
Trading psychology 
May 10, 2014 By Al Brooks 
Market psychology has more to do with behaviors that 
you can change than it does with therapy. If you are going to be doing this for a 
long time, you have to enjoy it. I love my job and have for 27 years, and I still 
look forward to trading every day. Although you might be able to make more 
money by pushing yourself to your emotional and physical limits, you will 
probably hate what you are doing and be unable and unwilling to do it for 
decades. 
Life is short and I don’t want to waste it on misplaced priorities. Your happiness 
and that of your family are far more valuable than that extra dollar. An 
important part of learning how to trade is finding a style of trading that is right 
for you. Don’t worry if you see a successful trader on television who is doing 
something entirely different and making a fortune. 
Traders often take years to discover and accept their comfort zones as they 
learn how to trade. Some prefer to take trades with a high probability of 
success, which is fine, but they understand that there is a trade-off. High 
probability trades usually have a relatively low profit potential compared to risk. 
Other traders want a reward much bigger than the risk, and they don’t care that 
this means that they will be taking trades that will lose most of the time. They 
know that if they manage their trades well and go for a reward that is two or 
more times greater than their risk, they will make money even if they lose 
money on 60% of their trades. 
The “I don’t care” position size 
As traders, we swim in a sea of uncertainty, and until you can free yourself from 
emotion, it is impossible to follow what the institutional computers are doing, 

106 
 
and you can only make money if you do. When you decide to take a trade, be 
honest about just how far away your stop has to be, which often creates a 
greater risk than you want. You have to trade a small enough position size so 
that you really don’t care very much if you win or lose…the “I don’t care” size. 
This gives you the best chance at remaining objective when you enter and exit 
your trade. 
A beginner is quick to do the math…“If I” make $100 a day with one contract, I 
will make $2 million a year with 100 contracts!” He is too quick to think about 
trading big positions, and even when he starts out, trading what he thinks is a 
small position, he is usually trading too big. How can a beginner tell if his 
position size is too big? That’s easy. He just has to ask himself, “Did I manage 
all of my trades today as I should have, or did I have several trades where I 
exited too early because I was feeling nervous over how much I would lose if 
my stop got hit?” If he did not manage correctly, then he cared. He is trying to 
compete with computers who have no feelings and certainly do not care about 
anything. 
My recommendation is that traders should trade their “I don’t care” size. 
Whatever a trader thinks it is, he should then trade 50 – 75% smaller so he 
really won’t care if the trade goes against him. Over time, he can handle larger 
positions while still not caring. If he increases too quickly, he can back off and 
try to increase again later. When I tell traders this, some get angry and quickly 
ask me how they can ever get rich trading so small. The answer is simple. 
Successful traders don’t constantly think about getting rich, although many end 
up that way. Instead, they only think about doing the right thing all day long. 
That is the first goal. They know that if they do, they will make money, which is 
the second goal. Sometimes, they will make a lot of money, which is the third 
goal, but they never worry or think about that. Remember, most successful 
traders are not making $100 million dollars a year. However, many make far 
more than the richest doctors and lawyers, and that is plenty to have a great 
life. 
The Trader’s Equation and the 40-60 Rule 
Most traders, especially beginners, should only swing trade, which I define as 
going for a target that is at least twice as large as the potential loss. Remember 
the Trader’s Equation and the “40 – 60 rule”. Since the probability of 90% of 

107 
 
trades is between 40 and 60%, a trader who goes for a reward that is at least 
twice as big as his risk is trading a mathematically sound approach. A good 
start is to look for Major Trend Reversals. For example, if a trader is trading the 
Emini and using a 2 point stop and a 4 point profit target, he will probably make 
4 or more points on 40% of his trades and lose 2 points on another 40% of his 
trades. The remaining 20% of trades will usually be small losses and wins that 
offset each other. The result is a net profit and therefore a positive Trader’s 
Equation. 
Avoid confusing swings and scalps! 
A trader often loses money because he takes a trade with one goal and 
manages it as if he entered with a different goal. For day traders, this usually 
happens because the trader entered, thinking he was going to hold for a swing, 
but instead managed the trade like a scalp. For example, if he shorted the 
EURUSD Forex market at what he thought was a strong top and was planning 
on holding for a 100 pip (tick) profit while using a 20 pip protective stop but 
instead always exited this type of trade whenever he had a 10 pip profit, he will 
lose money over time. He might consistently convince himself that the price 
action unfolded differently from what he expected, and this change in his 
premise justified changing the trade from a swing to a scalp. 
However, if he discovers that he is doing this with just about every trade, he 
will lose money. This is because a swing trade usually has a low probability of 
success, but the expected reward is many times greater than the risk and that 
creates a positive Trader’s Equation. If he instead always accepts a profit that is 
not many times bigger than his risk, he will lose money over time with low 
probability trades, which most swing trades are. 
If a trader always changes his mind and grabs a scalper’s profit, he is actually 
scalping, even though he thought that he was swinging. Plug some numbers 
into the Trader’s Equation. A typical swing setup has about a 40% chance of 
success. If the trader is risking 10 pips to make 10 pips, he will lose money. To 
make money on a scalp, a trader needs a high probability of success (60% or 
more) because his reward is usually about the size of his risk. At any instant in 
any market, a trader can trade profitably by buying or shorting for a swing 
because the probability of success for a profitable long or short is rarely ever 
less than 40%. This means that if he manages his trade correctly and holds for 

108 
 
a reward that is at least twice as large as his risk, he will make money over 
time. Traders should only scalp if the probability is 60% or higher. 
Most traders cannot consistently maintain this high a probability and therefore 
should swing all of their trades (my definition of a swing is any trade where 
your intended reward is at least twice as big as your risk). It is important to 
note that some experienced scalpers win more than 90% of the time, but this is 
rare, and usually involves scaling into and out of positions. Many experienced 
traders scale into trades to greatly increase the probability of their position. 
However, beginners should be very careful about this because they almost 
always scale into the wrong trades. A common example is scaling into what 
they believe is a pullback when they do not realize that it is actually a reversal. 
They can quickly lose far more money than they imagined was possible, but 
that makes sense…if you are trying to get more probability, you have to pay for 
it with some combination of increased risk or reduced reward. 
Good is good enough 
Find out who you are and be happy that you can do all that you can do. A 
baseball player does not have to be a home run hitter to get in the Hall of 
Fame. If he consistently hits lots of singles, he will get there. You do not have 
to be the best to be rich, but you have to be happy, consistent, and disciplined 
to achieve your goal. 
Thank you for reading my How To Trade Price Action manual.